----- PAGE BREAK ----- 317
“She had someone – she had Bill and a decent marriage. But someone put the worm in her ear, and now she’s trying to put the worm in your ear – don’t let her, don’t do it, it’s a hole with no bottom, you know it!”
“So I’m supposed to just – abandon her, in her hour of need?”
My father shrugged angrily. “She abandoned Bill. She’s got nothing to complain about.”
They moved on, and their voices no longer slid round the semicircle of the stone statue’s outstretched hands to my cupped ears.
I’d heard enough. Women had to be wrangled, their sympathies were their weakness.
Or, as my father once told me, “Women will always find someone or something to mother – if they don’t have kids, it’s cats or immigrants.”
I sometimes wished that the whole world was women, when I was running for office.
Anyway, I grew sick of my own inner ramblings – I felt a sudden savage yearning for action, and instantly remembered my own eldest son, who I had grudgingly taken to a petting zoo when he was young, because – according to my wife – he was turning into a little brat in pre‐K.
He was so goddamned mournful, that boy, almost from the beginning – he moped and sighed, and was congenitally ungrateful, which drove me quite mad – I fantasized that my wife had had an affair with some man‐bun soy‐drip barista at the local coffee shop.
Jake just talked and talked – he once complained that he was dying of boredom.
“You can’t die of boredom!” I snapped.
“How do you know?”
“Because I’ve spent months listening to you go on and on about that Robocraft game!”
I had to savagely cut him off when he went on these – “rambletangents” I called them. Endless stories of his dreams and ideas and plans – I didn’t even bother to listen, just thought my own thoughts and went all Zen and into the future, like he was a trickling brook of vapid nonsense.
My daughter was a talker too, but you could get a word in edgewise. I remember her describing her ideal restaurant once – in the woods, high in a treetop, birds on the leaves, rope swings and koi ponds – it was entertaining enough to interest me… I added in some robot waiters, and it was actually kind of fun…
But my eldest son, the whiner who wouldn’t get a haircut until I held him down, I spend most of his childhood just – shutting him up. He was like an impossible leaky house – every hole you patched just bled drippy water somewhere else.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 318