Prologue
The war had entered its fifth century.
It was no longer even referred to as a “war” anymore.
Violence and murder had wound so deeply into human life that the few who still fought for freedom often welcomed death, as the final remedy for the despair of a hopeless battle.
The men who finally ended the war had stopped fighting decades before, because they realized that battling evil simply created more trauma, more violence, more murder, more death...
The men who finally killed evil hid themselves in a deep mountain and made a cure from a bottomless well of pure nihilism.
If you fight evil, evil grows. If you do not fight evil, evil rules…
This hopeless mantra that had encircled the jugular of the species since the species began was finally unraveled one clear morning, under a cloudless sky, when the rising sun had yet to brighten the overhead stars into invisibility.
The trees were dark on the high mountainside when the men emerged from their cave, pulling giant crates with their grunting muscles. Their eyes flickered with mad purpose and tentative hope. Axes were strapped to their belts.
The lowering sunlight from the rising sun lit up the white‐flecked tops of the cherry trees that clung to the edges of the mountain.
One tall man with a dark beard, spiky hair and heavy bags under his eyes cleared his throat, then spoke to his companions, his friends, his co‐conspirators in the murder of murder.
“We don’t even know how few people we are down to – I would guess 5% of the former population.” He gestured at the circle of silent men, dark as shadows in the dying night.
“We have withdrawn from having families to sacrifice ourselves for the future of mankind. We are the modern monks bringing heavenly peace a warring world.
“For over 400 years, death and murder have reigned supreme. Many here have come to believe that war will only end when mankind ends. Our solution…”
The bearded man stopped speaking, his tongue paralyzed by the sudden shocks of horror in the faces of his companions.
The light brightened suddenly.
The man closest to him pointed and whispered: “Your forehead…”
The bearded man lifted his hand past the rising sun. Above his eyes, his hand turned bright red, the edges of his fingertips bleeding bloody laser light.
“Sky cannon!” screamed a man.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 1
High overhead ‐ barely visible in the navy blue of the middle sky – a gathering ruby light gleamed on a tiny white dot.
The bearded man screamed: “RELEASE THE ANGELS!”
The men hesitated. The cure for violence might be close, but death might be even closer…
“IF WE FAIL, LIFE WILL NOT BE WORTH LIVING!”
The bearded man tore his axe from his belt and swung with all his strength at the closest crate. It cracked and shattered, revealing rows of tiny blonde heads.
A terrifying pressure descended from the lightening sky. The men’s hair leapt up in the sudden static.
“NOW! NOW! HELP ME!” cried the bearded man.
“They’re not enough!” shouted a shorter man with cracked glasses.
“They can be copied, the blueprints are inside – COME ON – IT CANNOT ALL HAVE BEEN FOR NOTHING MY BROTHERS!”
Screaming, the men suddenly leapt forward with their axes as the air began to glow around them.
The birds, startled from their sleep, rose suddenly from the cherry trees into the brightening sky, where their feathers began to burn, and they cried out in agony.
Hacking as their clothes ignited in flames, the men smashed open the crates, and tiny dark creatures with whirring white wings rose into the air like startled dragonflies.
The flying fragments of wood began to burn. The men screamed as they began to melt, but an inhuman will kept their burning arms flying, and more winged creatures flew free of the crates.
Hundreds of tiny bodies with white wings flew with blinding speed up from the mountain as it began to turn a terrifying blue‐white.
They flew into the sky – up beyond the yellow light of the rising sun.
The creatures paused in their flight, turning their heads down towards the blinding white collapsing mountain.
As one, they flew even higher as a shockwave blasted up from the massive new crater that was rapidly swallowing countless tons of rock and rubble.
Their white wings whirring faintly, the creatures hovered over the groaning earth, above the mushroom cloud of the former mountain.
The creatures looked down for a long while, then looked at each other. Their blonde hair and blue eyes shone vividly in the rising light of the new day.
There was an electric pause, and then – together – the creatures raised their blue eyes to the tiny white dot high in the sky, just below the midnight meridian that was slowly swallowing the remaining stars above.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 2
Again as one, the creatures’ wings began to beat faster, and they rose like an eerie reverse snowfall.
Weapons appeared in their tiny pink hands as they flew like a narrow blown blizzard towards the weapon that had destroyed their masters.
It was the beginning of the end of the endless, nameless war.
The Angels had arrived to save mankind.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 3
Chapter 1
I birth back to life through the graves of my childhood.
When your heart first panics and shocks you back to gasping breath, you grow from nothing – from a zygote, an idea, a blank book – into your adult power in a matter of – god I don’t know how long, forever or a moment, cracked memories are not time…
I am reborn from ice – like my mother’s womb, but warmer…
Like my life, I first gasp in the midnight depths – and end up choking for air in the sun‐stained shallows…
I start with nothing…
A silent crib, a heavy heavy head, rotating female faces – do my legs have two colors, or is that sunlight?
Distant yelling… Pulled up and out, held up in the rain before wet faces, flashing lights…
On a trembling lap – feeling my mother’s rough legs, scaly and sandy. Watching her peel off her skin at night, laughing with – my father…
She removes her colors like a mirrored chameleon in the dark.
I doze between a canyon of chests – one hairy, one plump food. Someone plays with my hair, lazy whirlpool spiders…
This is when I begin to suspect…
My death is reaching down to meet my birth…
Spiders, chameleons, sun‐stained shallows – I would never have had these analogies as a baby, some – claw is reaching down from the end of my life to pull me up – from a single cell to a hospital prison…
I am meeting myself in the middle…
I weep with relief that the icicles in my bones might thaw in time…
I am a skeleton of winter, shivering for spring…
I stagger through my infancy – a staccato movie, most frames missing…
Controlling my innards, hot with pleasure at my body’s creaking complaints…
Praise from a new woman, an old woman, at my empty diaper – a thirst for adulthood, a breakout from the broken baby prison of my inflated flesh – the shameful debased coinage of the newly‐minted…
Father strides in the distance, focused, careless – I want to become the little black ear‐box he treasures…
Mother has to disassemble and reassemble herself every day, which means she must break constantly…
He mostly rages in the night – the dark kills calm – but I learn to love it, like thunder overhead.
Older, in my room with the car‐wash windows – blue daylight for an instant – trying to jump and hang in the flashing air…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 4
I erode, I suppose, in the waiting to exist, in the wasted early times, begging for attention like a dog barking at a cloud…
Reaching for distracted parents, I fall out of myself, into waves, into – pain…
I taste salt and wet and hurt and love
“DON’T DO IT!”
What, exist? Think? Love?
Fail..!
My mother’s voice – I resent that I have to wear a coat because she is cold…
Time accelerates as I rise to life – an old cartoon flies by, Jesus making eggs, complaining about feeling like he’s been dead for three days…
I see a rising white rocket clawing to the sky within me, but I recoil from it – to flee the rich air, wild surf and sheltering trees for the endless emptiness between dead planets – let that not be true…
Older, faster…
Friends, new hair, scorn and superiority, pursuing girls like a child chasing balloons – bright, bumping, empty…
Father cares now, mother moves on, back – new babies, new flashbulbs, shining on shiny magazine covers – perfection is for admiration, not love…
Hairspray stings the nose with isolation.
He brings me into his leather lair, with watery smoke and old records – tells me to win at all costs, that second‐place is shameful, nothing, invisible…
Growing, leaving, scalding scorn – grudging appreciation, great value…
I am dizzy, my mind aches from bursting through the sedimentary layers of old time…
And then – then I am free!
My mind clears.
I taste bile between my teeth.
I hate childhood.
My thoughts slow and circle, looking for a place to land…
I settle into adult thoughts, waiting for my sight to return.
Spring begins to thaw my marrow, drape flesh on the winter bones
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 5
My friends – what a strange word, I haven’t really used it in years – face rises in my mind – a short boy, freckles, red hair and blue eyes, sitting and talking and talking and talking…
I try to laugh, but my cheeks are dentist‐gum numb…
Oh yeah, he used to be obsessed with tunneling down to earlier and earlier memories…
He passes through my mind, chattering away self‐obsessively…
Every time he would think he had gotten to the bottom, he would unpeel another one – and then spend hours trying to figure out if that was a genuine memory, or just an external story impressed on him by endless repetition.
That time that he had fallen asleep behind the couch during a game of hide and go seek, and his hysterical mother had called the police, thinking he had wandered off – was that real, a genuine memory, or just another one of his mother’s half‐smiling, exasperated stories, so common in my tribe, the mothers who are endlessly put upon by absolutely normal childhood behaviour – particularly from boys.
I remember – I could never understand why he would want to muck about with such early nonsense – life is an inverted pyramid; the beginning means almost nothing; the spread of power at the end is everything – and if you get there, who cares what came before? I have always utterly loathed questions without answers – in particular pointless questions without answers, such as: is this early memory a real memory, or an internalized story?
Pah!
What navel‐gazing nonsense!
Rage will thaw me…
I never knew what he was looking for back there, down there – I do know that he never seemed to find it, never seemed to get any satisfaction from this endless circular pursuit, never broke free of this obsession – and went a little crazy, if I remember rightly, after Jane…
Light begins to brighten my eyelids – why does no one ever paint what we see when we close our eyes? – and a stabbing pain like twin bullets through the sockets hits me, reaching to an ancient ache on the back of my scalp, where the paint stuck – and I get a terrible sense of time – is this even the same sun? How can so little light hurt so much unless I have slept for a thousand years..?
Coughing in the dark, old bones, a young man with dark bangs sitting in shadows whispering to me that we shall meet again…
Counselling me to surrender to the ice, to hibernation – to an unimaginable future…
What did I do?
The question is empty now, self‐conscious.
This is better: Where did I go?
A long time away…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 6
My – friend’s face hangs before me now – how long have I lived? – and it strikes me with a great internal church bell of sadness that it is almost certain that his face has vanished from the world – as most of us vanish from the world – in a terrifying waterfall of endless obscurity; bubbles that form and pour and splash and dissolve into nothing, into the vast emptiness of most people’s lives in history. They exist to breed and serve and eat and make, and they vanish like a wet smudge of tiny insects in a giant hurricane…
A part of my brain seems to have unfrozen first – a part that was probably frozen for most of my life, because… Oh God, it was an important thought, where has it gone? Sadness about my friend’s face having vanished from the world – oh yeah, that is it…
When my friend was searching for his early memories, it terrified me deeply (although I only experienced that as irritation at the time) that a boy could actually get lost chasing his own memories. The idea of ceasing to exist, of being forgotten, was always bottomlessly terrifying to me. I genuinely believe that if I had not achieved power, I would’ve had a very tough time even getting out of bed. The pointlessness of eating and breathing and sexing and fitting a jacket and getting a haircut and laughing – when after you were gone, no one would remember your name, or your face, or what you did, and all of your dreams and unrealized thoughts will have vanished as if you never existed – even now, I can feel the ice forming on my spine even as it leaves my brain.
Utterly terrifying…
Was that what it was all about?
Oh God, who cares? Introspection is paralysis, obscurity is the only real death…
The light and agony increase. I am terrified to open my eyes – the sun is two spears in the hands of a hunter!
I flee inward – which I hate, but it is the only path away from the pain…
Like a vampire…
An old door opens…
Oh when was this, when I was a teenager, my mid‐teens?
Everyone has that friend who listens to drum‐god Rush and takes that fork in the road that leads either to an obsession with Lord of the Rings, or Ayn Rand. Listening to Geddy Lee screech in tinnitus syllables about Rivendell and the Virtue of Selfishness is a curse that many a beardless youth falls prey to. My red‐headed friend gave me a cloth bag full of books on Objectivism, and kept circling around me at social events, trying to make eye contact, clearly desperate for me to fall under the spell of that smoky Soviet goddess of bitter atheism and literary rape.
Yeah, the flood of pleasure at his need…
Even back then, oh god maybe 14 or 15, I loved having people want things from me – it gave me shape, dimension, power…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 7
God I hated people who wanted things from others – it always felt so pathetic and helpless – but I loved it when they wanted things from me, because I got everything they gave up…
Deeper into the past, away from the invading light…
Another door opens…
Stuck on a boring call one long Sunday afternoon, I thumbed through my friend’s bag full of books, looking for the pictures that used to be sandwiched between endless text in those paper‐cut days.
In this book there was a photo that chilled me to the bone, and I actually felt an electric current of pure revulsion, and hurled the book away. It was a picture of 3 people – Ayn Rand, Nathaniel Branden – probably groping her from behind his bulk – and one elderly man on the left, with a cleft chin, squinting into the sun (Why oh why do old people insist on squinting, it just makes them look like loathsome crumpled wax‐paper!) – and the caption under the picture correctly identified everyone except him. He was just: “An unidentified man.”
Oooh, there is that spinal chill again! I feel revulsion and rage at that moment. How dare a man live on this earth for 70 years and leave such a tiny pathetic unimportant footprint – despite being surrounded by relatively well‐known people – that one tiny wave from the ocean of time washes him clean away?
The ocean dissolves us like sandcastles. We build, it breaks – walking into it is death…
Oh God, now my mother’s sentimental voice…
“Oh, you don’t know, he could’ve had a wonderful family life, done great things in his community, be remembered by hundreds of people, helped hundreds more – what does it matter if someone writing a book doesn’t bother to figure out his name?”
Man alive, what a female perspective!
Don’t get me wrong, I worshipped my mother, but only because she worshipped my father…
And there it is.
My father – gone how many years, and really only remembered because of me!
I was born into privilege, my mother always used to say – which again was an annoyingly female perspective, because that is not how men work, at least not men who achieve what I achieved.
Not that we can achieve it without women, bless their hearts…
The pain of the growing nuclear orange light drives me from the past into abstractions – man’s final refuge from the tyranny of agony…
I hated the idea of it!
‘Privilege’ is a terrible word to put in the path of ambition.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 8
Yeah, I was born into money, yes, I was born into power, yes, I was born into – well, everything positive and helpful to the pursuit of power that you could conceivably imagine – but the entire point of privilege is to internalize the god‐damned word!
I remember arguing with my mother, as she backed away…
If you exile ‘privilege’ from yourself, it just gets in your way by provoking guilt and paralysis and a horrible sense of self‐erasure for the sake of your ‘good fortune.’ The insult of ‘privilege’ is just a slow‐ venom response from the biting underclasses – it’s their way of having you back away from your own potential for power in horror at your accidental good fortune.
It’s total crap, and I hate it with every atom of my being!
I try to move my arms, but they are trapped, like a cylinder porch Christmas soldier…
Panic drives me to further abstractions – perilously close to philosophy…
Where the hell else does this apply?
If you’re born beautiful, you don’t make yourself ugly, or fail to exploit your beauty just because you happen to be lucky, right Mom?
If you’re born with a great voice, you don’t purposefully sing badly so you don’t offend the tone‐deaf.
No, mom – if you’re born beautiful, you have to internalize that beauty, it has to become you – or it is completely and totally useless! You have to say to yourself – and only later, to others – that real beauty comes from ‘within’ – that beauty is just an ‘attitude,’ and ‘confidence,’ and all other kinds of nonsense.
The supermodel genuinely has to believe that if you feel beautiful, you are beautiful! If she doesn’t, she won’t be able to transfer that delusion to others for the sake of giving gay guys who hate their mothers the power to force women to stop eating and wear shoes that make their feet bleed!
My healthy anger – welcome back! – wakes to fight back against my trapped pain.
Everyone exploits their advantages, mom – or makes their disadvantage their advantage, if they have no luck at all. Losers turn themselves into victims, and get resources that way – and if they win, if they get trillions of dollars (and if anyone knows this, it’s me!) – their lack of privilege becomes their privilege, and so what right to they have to complain about me using my natural privilege, when they literally invent and use their own?
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 9
My father swims into my mental view again, at the height of his power and grace and elegance, and it suddenly strikes me – and I have no idea where this part of my brain has been my whole life – that it is not just me coming back to life, but also all the people I remember…
A sermon from my early childhood – kind of inappropriate now, when I think about it – square‐bearded Father Gregory thundering about Jesus strolling through cemeteries and raising the entirety of the dead – he is now talking about me – and a realization hits me with a series of goosebumps that I hope has something to do with my newfound emotional depth, rather than my dead skin thawing…
I am like Jesus walking through the cemetery – the cemetery of my history…
I have come back to life like He did, and as I return to the light, I bring with me all the people I remember, here, now, to – wherever in hell I am…
In my mind’s eye, my father turns from his position at the blackhole center of a brightly lit party, and laughs at me for imagining that I will not understand wherever I am, even if it is…
“Power is power, son. From the Greeks to the Romans to the Aristocracy to the leaders of democracy, politicians will always understand the world – because the technology might change, but people don’t. Aristotle would still understand 21st century logic – and a politician will always understand the power structure of the society he lives in, and it doesn’t matter where – or when – that society is…”
Oh God – this is probably one of my earliest memories – not this cheesy speech, which sounds like a Bazooka Joe comic from my youth – but my father at a party…
I had fallen asleep after dinner, then woken up and looked up at my father, who had a giant chandelier hanging over his head, far above his thinning hair – it was like the universe had placed a sparkling constellation over the center of authority in the ballroom. They say that women don’t dress for men, but for other women – although men generally dress for power, only sometimes power over women – but I got a strong sense, so long ago, in a building long dust, that everyone in that ballroom – I couldn’t count the number – had all dressed for my father – and that he was a kind of well‐coiffed master ape, vaguely thuggish in his tuxedo, perfectly at ease in the exercise of power, perfectly gracious in the certainty of his dominance, and that was when I really felt that I tore myself loose from my mother, because my mother was full of diluted sentimentality and sympathy for the underprivileged; she endlessly cared for other people’s ‘voices’ (which always seemed sinister to me, like a ghost moaning into mist), but it suddenly hit me with full force, right there in my tiny solar plexus, that my mother’s drippy words about the underprivileged were just a kind of test – of dominance perhaps – because while she might turn herself inside out in sympathy for the underdog, she had married the top dog, the master ape, and if I wanted a woman like my mother – which, if I wanted to be like my father, I would need to get – then I had to learn how to make sympathetic noises towards her obsession with the underprivileged, while recognizing that these were just silly words that she used – perhaps to keep the resentment of other women at bay, or because she was unable to own and accept her own pursuit of the master ape – it didn’t really matter, a man can go completely mad plumbing the depths of the feminine – the point was
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 10
that it’s great to endlessly warble about sympathy for the weak, while building your entire life around pursuing and owning strength!
Maybe it’s a kind of camouflage – but I don’t remember my father inhabiting that contradiction…
My father wanted to inspire men to strength – in part by showing off the beauty of my mother – while my mother dragged people down by offering fructose maternal sympathy for their suffering.
Do we challenge, or do we cuddle?
Men at least don’t have to suffer from the hypocrisy of claiming to care for the underdog while pursuing the top dog, perhaps that’s why we tend to get more things done in this life…
Or, that life…
I realize now, in my slowly waking state, as images, pictures and feelings flow past my brain like some two‐bit screensaver, that the party I recall – which I haven’t thought of in half a century – put the stamp of the future on the soft wax of my early brain.
Children are fascinated by power – for boys, it’s status, for girls, beauty or something like that – like dogs, we map the hierarchy around us, from a very early age – for me, I was maybe 3 years old when this party happened…
Another wave of sadness slams into me, as I realize that the ghosts returning to life with me don’t know anything more than I do.
I could snap my finger and talk to my mother – she is lurking in here, complaining about my arrogance as usual – while simultaneously stoking the ambition of my father – but I could never get her to tell me how old I was when this party happened, in the ballroom, under the sparkling crown of the chandelier.
If she were still alive, she would know these things in that beartrap way that women remember relationships and events and timing – it wouldn’t be more than a tenth of a second before she would tell me the place, date, reason and purpose of the ball, as well as reciting the names of at least half the people who were there…
But my mother in my mind is a dead ghost; she only exists as I remember her, not as she was. The tomb of her mind is truly sealed, and cannot be opened, since she who gathered me together from dust has now turned to dust herself, with all her memories and thoughts and connections and instant answers to unimportant questions long gone…
How long..?
My father wanted to be remembered – as I wanted to be remembered – and I suddenly suspect that the only reason I am still alive is because I was remembered – but thinking about my mother, I suddenly realize that to be remembered is not the same as being alive. We can never achieve immortality, because others only remember us as they see us, not as we actually are, or were…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 11
We cannot even correct those who get our lives and our thoughts completely wrong… We inevitably become a tool for propagandists, who can turn us into whatever they want to in order to achieve their goals and their ends, and our prominence in the present might be a giant lever for destruction in the future…
I laugh at myself – this takes some effort, it does not come naturally to me – and the ghost of my mad old friend laughs with me; he has come back to life, and where he could not bring to life his own memories in the past, he now lives in my waking memories in the future – he laughs at me because I am tripping over the same tangled roots that took him down.
God, no wonder I never spent any time alone…
Philosophy, philosophy, philosophy – my friend who worshipped Ayn Rand, he kept dribbling on about integrity and virtue and self‐sufficiency and not being a – oh God, what was the phrase? Social metaphysician, second‐hander, something like that –
You have to face reality and not manipulate people and follow abstract principles, even if it means self‐ destruction…
Yeah, it was childish and compelling and dreamlike – it just meant that you were ostracized into a Walden‐like perfection, squatting on a mountaintop, gnawing on your own vegetables and resentment and dying on a glacier before being covered by ice and uncovered by future anthropologists…
Noted loser from the past died in perfect solitude. By compromising nothing, he achieved nothing…
Foggy orange crescents rim the bottom of my vision as the light grows…
Almost there now…
I never bothered teasing myself with false virtues…
A man teases himself with never visiting prostitutes again – knowing that he will of course – that’s a living hell, just a pretend virtue that satisfies the self‐sadism of failing your own ‘values’ – values which only exist to serve your masochism!
The self‐flagellation of ‘failing morality’ is a stupid act of self‐sacrifice – my Objectivist friend would lecture me that man’s life is the highest value, and whatever serves man’s life is the good – and I kept telling him that nothing serves a man’s life more than power!
When you have power, you never have to beg – you don’t even have to ask! All you see are the tops of everyone’s heads, kneeling to serve you – your family will never want for anything, for ten generations probably.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 12
Ah, he said, but power doesn’t make you happy…
Ha‐ha – mind‐reading is a ridiculous self‐delusion… Could he provide me a long list of men who had power, and then gave it up because it made them miserable?
We are not angels – we are apes with pretensions.
I prefer my philosophy honest, not idealistic, which is to say masochistic.
In my life, I shrugged and moved on, even after Jane…
My brain‐wrinkles form into a scowl in my skull…
Meh – seeking power is the way of the world!
It’s a tough and bloody game – and I completely understand and sympathize with those who don’t want to play. I just – always demanded honesty, from myself and from others. If people don’t want to play the power game, they’re just abandoning their essential mammal inheritance – all animals pursue power and control and dominance – especially apes! All these people who believe in evolution, and still talk about morality, reciprocal altruism and all other kinds of nonsense, God they turned my stomach – and, wherever in hell I am, I suspect they still will…
You get power, you get money – you get money, you get a pretty wife. A pretty wife makes you more successful children.
Any philosophy that threatens the passage of genes is self‐defeating teenage nonsense.
God, I used to silently laugh at those feminists who used to swirl around me, with their bad teeth, armpit hair, unblinking eyes and endless nagging – I would listen, of course, and nod and sympathize – because I had learned the lesson of my mother – but inside my mind my eyes were rolling like Vegas slot machines, because so few of them had children, and so their beliefs would just die with them – and they also wanted to bring into the country various cultural groups that had birthrates of 6 children per family and no sympathy for feminism!
I wanted to grab them by their fat bare shoulders and snarl at them that the only culture is reproduction! If they cannot be bothered to have kids, then it’s all just a bunch of nonsense!
You win and have, or you lose and beg – there are no other options except avoiding the game altogether, which simply turns the world over to people like me.
My eyelids twitch, preparing to open.
Last thoughts before the light burns the past away…
My red‐haired friend who strip‐mined his history for nothing – why in hell was I thinking about him?
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 13
It comes to me in a rush: everything that is not power makes you doubt yourself!
You cannot doubt yourself in this life – that is the essential sin of the mammal, the end of the line in the pursuit of relevance, survival – power.
The lion must never doubt that he can catch the zebra – when he gets too old to chase, he is done, and dies old and emaciated.
Doubt is death, for him as for us…
My friend the Objectivist did little better than my friend the red‐headed navel‐gazer…
His ideal standards made all his actions fall short – robbing him of energy and motivation.
Compared to the infinity of perfection, all human choices vanish into insignificance…
The only way to combat the paralysis of doubt is to believe in the soul – that way, you have the immortality of the soul to combat the impossibility of moral ideals – one infinity versus another can at least end in a draw – and if you lose the soul – as we all did – then you vanish in the face of ideals; you are not even an insect in the light of the sunset, you are a self‐eating atom.
The matter of the mammal meets the antimatter of the ideal, and both vanish…
I had no idea I had such thoughts within me…
I giggle a little. My unfreezing mind has gotten fairly bombastic; I sound like a lantern‐jawed motivational speaker, like that giant guy whose name escapes me who mistook his size and looks for depth and wisdom – and more power to him, I would’ve done exactly the same thing!
I also applauded all the pretty women who rambled on about how the universe will just provide you things if you ask, without noticing that men who want to sleep with them are constantly throwing resources at them – it makes about as much sense as imagining that the universe wants to shower you because it is raining.
I laugh because these are just idle thoughts that I never would have entertained at the heights of my glory and power – to compare your ambitions to truth is to rob you of the hypocrisy necessary to achieve power. It would be like me noticing how lucky I was – it would paralyze me. Of course your family is unearned, but power is earned, and is worshipped by those who want something for nothing.
I laugh again.
God I hope they can help fix whatever has happened to my brain – I seem to have been infected with the paralysis of perspective…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 14
My laughter is quickly followed by anger – rage even – which feels good and familiar, since I know that it comes from my father.
I am beginning to hear – voices? Angels?
I suddenly fear awakening.
Dad!
As kids, my sister and I spent one evening watching a spy movie and snacking on “After Eights” minty chocolates.
“One more, only one!”
But they came in shiny black sleeves, and we kept eating the chocolates and putting the sleeves back in the long green box. We felt with searching fingers for more and more – until with dread we realized that there were only empty sleeves in the box, and we would get in serious trouble.
My sister vomited – from sugar or stress, who knows?
My father had a damn firm hand – to be fair I only recalled him losing control once, on the beach, when I fell in love…
One more memory, just one…
My father held a civilized distance from me – as he did from all his children – because he knew that intimacy is just another form of paralysis.
My father knew how to hold approval just out of reach – close enough for me to lunge at it, but not so close that I could actually grab it.
I would get mild nods and “not too bad” from time to time, but I always got the impression that I was lacking, or wanting, and had to be more, better, faster, smarter, whatever – it was impossible to tell, but kept me moving and striving…
When I sang in the choir, I liked to hear myself – but my father would shoot me ferocious looks, which confused me.
“Why is it bad to be heard?” I asked.
“It’s ridiculous!”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 15
Nothing more.
The man was wall of hieroglyphics…
Looking ridiculous was bad, understood…
I could get some of the connections – if I looked ridiculous, then he looked ridiculous as a father – and it didn’t matter how enthusiastically my mother grinned at my singing, and silently applauded with her white‐gloved hands.
Women were the reward of power, which meant they could never tell you how to achieve it…
Ridiculousness was the opposite of power, which must mean that power equaled status.
But status was – what?
I could never ask my father such a question, because his scorn would wither me into atoms. It would be like a teenage boy asking his father what an attractive girl looked like – to ask what was ridiculous was ridiculous in itself.
In my school, a white‐blonde boy transferred from Germany – his last name was “Gerhart.” We both had a keen interest in model railroads, and he kept inviting me over to his house to look at his set. Of course, his last name was almost instantly transformed into “Gay‐heart,” so his fate was sealed.
His only option was to violently attack anyone who used that name, but he chose the pacifist route of social obscurity and rejection. Repeatedly whining that his name actually meant “spear brave” was worse than useless.
He knew that I had good status at that time. He never explicitly asked me to help him, but I knew that he wanted me – needed me, was silently begging me – to champion his cause with the other boys, to tell them to lay off, that he was a good guy, to invite him over and give him my social stamp of approval.
I turned this over in my mind – in part because he did seem to have a pretty amazing railroad set – but I realized that to spend my social capital in defense of a boy who refused to defend himself would not elevate him – just lower me…
The perversion of his last name was a real challenge to him – are you a beggar, or a fighter?
Will you ask for something to happen, or will you make it happen?
If you are not given respect, will you force respect out of people?
There is no other way to get it.
If my father never said “no” to anyone, he would have no power.
It was all very primitive stuff – many of my friends would say that it was something to rise above, but I could not disagree more. It was something to kneel before and embrace.
Why would boys reject a boy who would not fight for himself?
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 16
For the simple reason that if he had no fight in him, he would be no good in a fight – and all boys spend endless hours preparing for fights – or actually fighting.
A boy who will not fight you will never fight with you – so he is useless in battle, and must be cast aside.
My mother, of course, insisted that I take Gerhart’s side – and I was considering this – since I clearly lacked the testosterone I was about to gain through puberty – when my father snapped at her over dinner one night: “Would you want our daughter to date this loser?”
This is really the ultimate comeback, and my mother’s cheeks flushed red with humiliation and pleasure – a depth of complexity and contradiction that I veered away from in my mind, like a pirate ship dodging a wide and bottomless whirlpool.
Femininity is a constant test – only weak men resent that fact.
Few women are more unhappy than those who get exactly what they claim they want.
You cannot raise the status of other people.
Trying to simply further reveals their low station – if you have to raise a ship, it is clearly already underwater…
Did I ever feel sympathy or pity for Gerhart?
I think to feel sympathy, I would have had to imagine myself in his position – which was impossible, since I was expertly navigated away from ridiculousness by my father’s close‐up scowls and distant praise.
I suppose I could have gone one step further and imagined my life without my father’s guidance – but that would have meant toppling out of my own brain, into a void of otherworldly considerations. It would be like trying to inhabit the inner thoughts of some ancient mystic on the chilled peak of a lonely mountain – a mere smudge in the sunrise – it would just vault you out of yourself, without giving your mind anyplace real to land…
I realize it now – with a sudden rush – that I was in my own way attempting to guide Gerhart in the same way that my father was guiding me – I would not give him praise or support if he refused to fight against his own humiliation, because that would be to give him praise for weakness, which would give him relief in the present, while harming him in the future.
I did see his family once at the mall. His mother was a typical German dumpling, with a big soft black coat, thick stockings and sensible flat‐heeled shoes. His father was trying to screw a lens onto a camera, contorting his body into a cut‐marionette caricature of a human form.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 17
The shamelessness and indecency of such a public spectacle – the very opposite of the strong consciousness of ridiculousness essential to the pursuit of power – told me everything I needed to know about Gerhart’s potential, his future.
If he could never tell his father how ridiculous he was, he would never be able to defend himself.
If he did tell his father how ridiculous he was, he would be damning his mother’s pathetic standards. He would be damning the grandfather who so poorly raised his own son – provoking an aggressive pity‐ response from his dad – and the whole house of cards would come sighing and folding down.
Most people are trapped in ridiculous family structures – thinking you can guide them out with a smile – a leg up in the social strata – is a mad delusion, and speaks to such poor judgement that it does not help them, just kills your trust in your own abilities.
The lion does not teach the mouse to hunt.
I got my father’s message after that…
The opposite of ridiculousness is approval – if I sang too loud in a choir, it would be vainglorious and arrogant. If I had a solo, and sang softly, it would be shy and self‐effacing.
Pah – sing softly, you just disappear in the crowd, blend into the background, like a thumbprint face in child’s painting of an audience…
No ‐ because I was powerful, because I was in charge, because I reached the summit of my profession – because I was important, and had resources – because I was Louis Staytin, the President of the United States of America – I was able to live this long, and come back to life in this way.
And I feel, very strongly, deep down in my – testicles, to be honest – that I will rule this future – my present – just as I ruled the past, and the rational philosophers of my youth will remain nothing, while I will still stride the world like the colossus I once was – and will be again.
I clench my jaw and open my eyes, to cast my gaze on the world I will own again.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 18
Chapter 2
Science fiction was kind of a forgotten genre, but David had still studied it as a young man, in the same way some young men study Latin or come up with their own languages.
Science fiction writers had been so spectacularly wrong – with one exception – that it had become a thoroughly discredited genre, akin to the rantings of “end of the world” prophets who supply a specific date, then lose followers and credibility as that date comes and goes.
500 years later, who remembers the false prophets?
The fear of technology so rampant in late 20th century and early 21st century science fiction had been cruelly revealed as an elaborate psychological projection, a distraction from the real dangers that faced mankind. The clichés and reuse of metaphor was endless: mankind invented robots or computers designed to serve the species, which ended up dominating them and destroying the planet. Mankind fought desperate battles against endless waves of these “slaves turned into masters” – and sometimes they won, and sometimes they lost, but the stories proved so spectacularly wrongheaded that they were now generally viewed as about as believable as lurid tales of demonic possession causing epilepsy. Science fiction was a species of supernatural projection, coming from an incredibly primitive mental mindset – dressed up in flashing lights and beeps – which helped distract mankind from the true dangers that almost took it down.
Science fiction served power, not truth or prediction – or avoidance, as it tragically turned out.
David was thinking of the science fiction of his youth because he was now living it, in middle age.
One of his butt cheeks had turned numb, so he shifted in his chair, glancing at the bright orange clock numbers that floated above the bed. It had now been one hour since the injection, and he could begin to see eye movement under the paper‐thin ancient eyelids.
The oldest living human being, he thought.
His own father had lived to be almost 150, but had declined to upload his mind, saying that he had lived a full, long life, and did not feel any need to squirt his consciousness into a supplementary flesh‐suit.
This was not an uncommon decision, but it was sad of course. David loved his father beyond measure – and love was in no shortage in the world – but he sometimes wondered if he would have loved his father as much if the old man had clung to life. “Nobody stays on a train at the end of the line,” his father had murmured, his eyes widening as the dark embraced him. He did not believe in an afterlife – either for his own body, or in a flesh‐suit.
“It would not be me,” he had also said – and there were great, significant, deep and philosophical questions about how well an upload truly replicated the original person. Centuries ago, people would clone their dogs, but notice subtle differences between the original and the copy.
“It’s a round peg in a square hole,” his father had murmured. “Maybe if I had done it when I was younger, it would be less jarring, but I can’t imagine, at my age, waking up in a young body – my brain will be old, my limbs will be young. It’s a crazy mismatch, I wouldn’t be the same person. I’m 145 years old, I have spent the last 20 years being very delicate in my movements – it would be too strange to
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 19
wake up with the strength and flexibility of a gymnast, but the terminal caution of an ancient brain. No one gives a jetpack to a half‐blind man.”
It was kind of true – David’s uncle had uploaded himself to a 20‐year‐old flesh‐suit, but still had an old man’s habits. He ate gingerly, ran in a stilted staggering manner, pondered too long, refused to turn his head too far, and still massaged his knees every time he sat down. It was always recommended that people upload before they got too old, but everyone liked to hang onto their own body and history for as long as possible.
And who do you love, as an old man in a young body?
The kind of procedure David was witnessing now had long been abandoned – most illnesses had been conquered, except old age, which had only been extended. It was hard to imagine that some future world would be better than the world of the present, so almost no one wanted to send themselves through an icy tunnel of time half a millennium forward.
There had been much debate about waking up the old man in the bed.
That was another reason that ancient science fiction had been floating around David’s mind – the cliché of bringing the monster to life!
Was the old man in the bed a monster?
It was all so long ago – what should we think about current morals versus past beliefs? During the ancient days of slavery, how should we judge thinkers like Aristotle who justified the practice? Can ancient tyrannies be judged by modern standards? Can believers in a primitive religion be damned for child sacrifice or ritual rape?
David took a deep breath, noting that the orange numbers over the bed were beginning to ripple as the old man’s breathing began to increase.
Morality is a kind of technology, we are always told – and the problem of morality had only been solved in a general social sense over the past hundred years… Can we judge a 15th‐century doctor for failing to prescribe penicillin, when it was not going to be invented for another 400 years? Asking most people to reinvent morality beyond the habits and prejudices of the present is like asking them to reinvent physics – a few geniuses might be able to do it, but you might as well ask the masses to fly unaided…
Is he a monster?
Even more basically: why are we waking him up?
David had opposed the idea – it would be too cruel to bring a man back to life so at odds with the present. How could he possibly fit in? In the past, he was the king of the world – in the present, billions will view him as a mere monster, a relic from a brutal time who helped lead the world to near‐extinction through the Cataclysms.
And – the man in the bed had raised the son who set fire to the world…
It was actually the historians who won the day.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 20
Most of history is interpretation – we cannot directly access the minds of anyone in the past – if we wake him, we can upload him and put him back to sleep if we want – and then we can access his mind at our leisure, and truly understand how much he was responsible, what he understood about the morality of his time, what his dreams were, how much he lied, what he truly believed – all of this can be unraveled – and more, things we haven’t even imagined… It would be a crime against the humanities to leave such a treasure chest of a mind frozen for all time. Every judgement we make about the past is based on incomplete information – this is the only brain that survives from that time; it is our only chance to understand that world… It’s not just about understanding the past; it’s about ensuring that the past never returns, that we never go through the Cataclysms again…
David appreciated the moral sensitivity of the present as much as anyone – he lived in a world so perfect that it was inconceivable to people in the past – especially the science fiction writers, who generally projected their own terrible childhoods – and totally rational fears of authority – onto monsters and robots and rogue computers – but moral sensitivity, when pushed to extremes, becomes intellectual paralysis.
A few textbooks had survived the catastrophes of the Old World, and they regularly castigated and snarled at the evils of historical figures – should not the leaders of those days be held to the same standard they inflicted on others?
No, the ancient man in the bed had to be woken and examined in order to create a clear and unambiguous window into the world that was – the world whose ferocious path almost led to the end of humanity, and life itself.
10,000…
The figure flew into David’s mind like a lost arrow. It took him a moment to remember the reference – his body helped him out by providing a sudden chill.
10,000…
That was the number of people left alive at the greatest depth of the last Ice Age.
Yeah, I think it’s pretty important to figure out the kind of thinking that led to the near decimation of our species. There was always a great and rational fear that when people get to safety, they forget all the bad habits that led them to danger in the first place. It is true that the “power vacuum” theory has turned out to be utterly false – we tore down unjust authority, and no other unjust authority has risen to take its place, but that is only because we have fixed not only the childhood of our species, but the childhood of us as individuals… It turned out that power arose from powerlessness – the lust for control arose from a lack of control, and we have prevented that wound from forming in the first place…
David leaned forward in his chair, as the numbers above the bed increased and rippled. The old man half‐snorted, but David held his hand over the ancient face, preventing the breath from tripping the alarm.
David leaned over the bed, watching grimaces drift over the old face like a sped‐up view of clouds over a still lake. The crows‐feet tangled in on themselves as a sudden squint crushed the eyes.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 21
Welcome back, old man. You paid a massive price to live this long – when you wake up to the world that is, I believe you will wish you had never gone to sleep, or had slept forever. Because we are angry, and we are right to be so. We are angry that you decimated our ancestors, and came within a hair’s breadth of ending us all. We are angry at how painful the lesson was to tear ourselves free of the world that you made – the world that served you and people like you, at our expense. The hypocrisy and brutality of the world of self‐serving lies, inflicted on the helpless young and captive populations. Wake up, you bastard. The day of reckoning is upon you!
The old man’s eyes opened.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 22
Chapter 3 
Because she had once been surprised by monsters, she now spent her entire life surprising monsters in return.
To be frank, there wasn’t a whole lot for her to do – but what she did, which was important, she did because of the boys on the mountain.
But that was years in the future…
Her mother was a hiker, and her father was a grumbler. He so loved her company that he would drag himself along on her endless walks, talking about his theories and his love of history.
She generally guessed that her father’s talking had turned into a kind of pleasant background noise for her mother, like crickets or distant thunder.
Her name was Alice, and she had once had a sister named Ruth. Ruth had fallen from a high hay bale, had broken her neck and died immediately. Her parents had gone through a long dark period of grieving, emerging only when her father’s dark sense of humour pronounced the family to be totally Ruth‐less. It was a dangerous joke, but sometimes a flash of bitter humour in the face of the dark gods of brutal circumstances can be more of an exorcism then a provocation.
They had tried to have another child, but Alice’s mother was in her 40s, and although lifespans had been extended enormously, no technology had been found to rejuvenate a woman’s eggs. There were almost no babies available for adoption, so they had contented themselves with their single remaining daughter, and through a prodigious effort of will, they refrained from over‐protecting her. They let her wander in the world of her own accord at a relatively early age.
Her mother loved to walk, but her father loved to move – as in houses, locations, entire environments.
“The world is a dish of endless experiments – who knows what we will like the best?” her father would say, before turning on the living globe and finger‐pinching and chatting with various communities.
“Look here, they’re trying communal living again in what used to be India – you’d think they would have learned from the last few thousand times, but hope springs eternal in the foolish heart – good luck to them!
“Here, in New Thailand, they are trying collective parenting – which they have no excuse for, it’s just a lazy way of saying ‘I want to kiss more people!’” He turned to his daughter. “What is the problem with collective parenting?”
Alice already knew the answer – it was amazing how often her father forgot previous conversations.
“Because, dad, we always tend to invest more in our own children, and if we don’t know who our children are, or don’t care, those children tend to be uncared for…”
“And what has been the most bitter and hard‐won lesson of the last few hundred years?”
Alice sighed. “It’s all about the children…”
“That’s right – everything!”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 23
He spun the globe again, creating a minor tsunami on the perfect digital ocean.
“And here in one of the few remaining states, we have the Platonists, with their polygamy and children who sometimes end up marrying each other. They never come here, their kids have a really tough time getting health insurance… Do you know that there is even a place in Malaysia with voluntary slavery?”
She shook her head, leaning forward with interest – finally, new story!
“Oh yeah, it’s pretty wild – of course, no Dispute Resolution Organization would ever enforce slavery, that was always and forever a government program – but if you want to voluntarily sign over your liberty, live for another person and not get paid, that’s free will, that’s still fine… I really do like the fact that people still experiment – despite the fact that we absolutely know what works best – and I really do love documenting what’s going on – where should we try next?”
Her mother scowled, arguing with the coffee maker. “I’m not entirely sure why it remains our job to document every idiotic experiment that some hidebound tribals get into.”
“Because,” he sighed, “it’s all beginning to converge, you know – you can see that, you have access to the same globe that I do.”
He put the heels of his hands together, then spread his fingers apart to form a ‘V.’
“It really is the end of history, or of wildly disparate cultures I guess – in the same way that the old Internet was the end of the pony express, or the telegraph, or whatever they were using before that – I really should know that, but I can’t remember at the moment. We are all coming together, everyone, all over the world, the simplicity and purity and liberty is spreading like someone dumped a can of baked beans on the hot pan of the universe… Psssht!”
He spread his hands.
“Are you hungry?” his wife asked mildly. “You never make those kinds of analogies when you are full.”
“I could eat,” he replied – a little stingily, his daughter thought.
It always sounds like he is making a concession to what she wants, rather than just admitting that he is hungry…
Alice learned with her parents; they were both chatty, and usually took pleasure in discussing what they were doing. Her father explained how he helped enforce the laws and resolve disputes, going over all his contracts, complexities and resolutions.
Alice’s mother was an expert in child development, and spent half her days creating presentations on ‘peaceful parenting’ – the idea that children should be raised without punishments – and transmitting them to the few societies that still survived by abusing children.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 24
When it came to answers, her mother was more efficient – her father kept going back in time for his explanations, to the point where everything he tried to get her to understand ended up with lightning creating life in a primordial soup.
One morning, Alice’s mother gestured at some geese flying in a V formation past the window outside.
“What is the same between us and animals?”
“Daddy says we are animals.”
Her mother sighed. She stopped doing her hand gestures in the cloudy brain of the cooking bot, turned around and smiled.
“We haven’t spent as much time around animals as I would’ve liked, but you know how your father loves to travel, so this will take a minute or two, but it is really important, so dinner can wait.”
Alice ducked her head slightly. “Where’s dad?”
Her mother grinned. “Not close enough to interrupt and extend this explanation into infinity, if that’s what you mean.”
Alice stared at her mother. “I have no idea what you are talking about.”
She laughed. “Quite right! You are a human being, of course, who’s had little experience with animals, so you might think of a human being as like a super animal, or an animal with a bigger brain, or more language or less hair, or whatever – but that’s not really the case.”
Alice frowned. “Animals have brains and language and hair, it’s just a difference of – more or less, not…”
“A difference of degree, not of kind, is that what you mean?”
She shrugged. “Yeah, think so.”
The cooking bot drifted over. “Meal instructions are incomplete, continue?”
“Delay dinner thirty minutes.”
“You bet!” (Alice’s dad had set the bot to “colloquial,” which mildly annoyed everyone except him – and the bot, of course.)
Alice’s mom sat heavily on the plump grey couch – which promptly informed her that her body fat composition had increased 0.6% – should the cooking bot be informed? Blushing slightly, she muttered a comment about her husband trolling her with the furniture settings.
“Switch body calibration to male pattern baldness,” she murmured, before turning back to her daughter.
“Honey…”
She paused.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 25
“It’s strange, like when you have to explain a word you know very well, but don’t know how to define it. Sorry, maybe we should get your father…”
“No!” said Alice – perhaps a shade too quickly. “You do it, mom.”
She sighed. “Well, I suppose it has to do with all these bots and machines and computers that surround us – and keep us alive, really, keep us fed and sheltered and healthy. You know, for most of human history, people did all the brute labour themselves. You know how we go hiking in these remote areas, with nothing but trees and mountains – and, if your father has his way, half un‐passible swamps…”
Alice nodded.
“Well, think of the very olden days, before all of this… People – to be accurate, usually men – well, almost always men, I have to include a couple of women because I’m sure it was possible, though I can’t think of any…”
“Mom…”
“Yes, sorry. Well, imagine having to clear an acre of that land by hand.”
Alice’s eyes were wide. “By hand?”
“Yes, I know it’s a little odd, we don’t really use that phrase anymore, it’s kind of ancient by now, but you need to know where we came from as a culture. I mean – OK, you would have a metal blade tied to a long stick, called an axe, and you would have to chop the trees down with that, and find some way to dig up all the roots – honestly, I have no idea how that was done – and then you would have to chop up all the wood into long flat sticks – no idea what they were called – and then tie them together into some kind of – hut or cabin. Then you would have to cut a hole in the roof for the smoke to get out, because it would be cold of course – and you would need to have a fire, and then you would have to plant all the seeds by hand and find some way to keep all the birds from eating your crops, and deal with the insects… It was quite mad – worse than an animal existence in some ways, because at least animals don’t have to clear all the land of trees and roots that go down like forever… Anyway, it was unbelievably hard to get food and shelter, and people worked all day, and kept animals – and there wasn’t a single computer or robot or bot, which meant that most human beings had to be like machines. And you know how your father in particular loves taking apart these machines and figuring out how they work, and imagining that he can program them to make them better – well that was kind of how it was for most of human history – almost all of it – people had to be kind of taken apart and put back together so they could be more easily owned and controlled, in the same way that we own and control our machines. But machines aren’t bothered by being servants, and don’t want to be free – they don’t even know what that means, they don’t think or dream – but human beings don’t like being servants or slaves, so there was always this tension between the rulers and the citizens… Animals don’t enslave each other – for most of human history, most people were treated as they were livestock. And that’s how we started, like animals, without slaves – and then we had slaves, for tens of thousands of years… And then, we became like the animals again, and gave up enslaving each other, which is what your dad meant when he said we are animals – gosh, this is turning into quite the history lesson, does this make any sense to you at all?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 26
Alice cocked her head, meaning both yes and no. “Not the livestock stuff so much… I get that it was tough to – clear the land, you said? I can’t really imagine not having any machines, having to do all of that yourself, by hand? Yeah, that’s – I can’t imagine. But what is the difference between a servant and a slave, and – what were those words, rulers and what?”
“Citizens.”
“No idea what that means.”
Alice’s mother pursed her lips. “Cookie, I would like a coffee please.”
The cooking bot whirred into action, and Alice was vaguely relieved that her father was not around, otherwise her parents would get into a mild disagreement about the appropriateness of being polite to machines.
Alice’s mother hated being interrupted, so she waited until Cookie deposited a coffee into her hand, with the words “Does your husband want one?” inscribed on the foam. She smiled.
“Don’t quote me on this to some expert, but I think a ‘servant’ is someone who works for you, and can’t quit, but is still paid. A ‘slave’ is someone you force to work for you, and don’t pay, at least directly – you give him or her a place to live, some food and healthcare if needed, but you don’t pay wages.”
“Why wouldn’t a slave just run away?”
Alice’s mother put down her coffee cup and leaned back into the couch, crossing her legs. “Ah, well, because in the past there was a small group of individuals who controlled – really, most of the guns, the weapons, the law, the courts, prisons, schools, money, and a whole bunch of other stuff that I could remember better when I was younger. And this group would catch the slaves and return them back to their owners. And in fact, they would even force the citizens – the people who lived under the rule of this small group, but weren’t direct slaves – to patrol – to walk around making sure there weren’t any slaves who had escaped – and catch them and return them if they had. And no, they weren’t paid either, they were just forced to do this by this group of individuals.”
“What the heck..?” murmured Alice in wonder. “That’s insane!”
“Yes, it was – but what do you mean by that word?”
“How big was this group of individuals, who were in charge?”
Her mother shrugged. “Hard to say, depends how you counted them. There was a very small group in charge of the money, they were really the most important, they could just create whatever cash they wanted out of thin air…”
“What? How could that be allowed? Why didn’t the DRO’s put a stop to it?”
“Oh, there weren’t any Dispute Resolution Organizations back then.”
“So, how did people resolve their disputes, their disagreements?”
Her mother got up, walked into the kitchen and dropped her coffee cup into the waving dishwasher tentacles.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 27
“Sadly, not very well, which is why everything had to change…”
“The Cataclysms,” murmured Alice.
Her mother shot her a sharp look. “Where did you hear that word?”
Alice shrugged. “Some kid at the playground. A boy…”
“Of course,” sighed her mother.
“He was playing a game he called ‘Cataclysm,’ where…”
Her mother held up a hand. “That’s nothing you play a game about – seriously, please don’t get involved in anything like that – and let me know if you see that boy again, I really need to talk to his parents.” Seeing the look on her daughter’s face, she added: “I know, it’s awkward – and maybe a little embarrassing – but it’s really important to not turn anything like that into a game, that was a pretty terrible thing that happened in the world, and it actually went on for quite a long time – and we will get to that topic at some point in the future, but for right now I want you to enjoy the fruits of all that suffering – and here is your father!” she finished with obvious relief.
When Alice was in her early teens, her family moved to be near the mountains. It was pretty easy to change locations – just program the coordinates into the house, and off you went!
She was drawn to raw nature – the mirror image of her mother, who preferred every convenience that modernity could provide.
The first day they settled – after one of her father’s incomprehensibly short fifteen minute naps – they all went on a family hike.
Her father loved to combine personal jet packs with the sky‐trampolines – which looked impossibly dangerous, but was actually almost perfectly safe. Air‐bots would create and dissolve sky‐trampolines that you could bounce forward from – you could move incredibly fast when you got good at it – and if you stumbled or missed, your jetpack would right you immediately and return you to the waiting trampoline.
It was a tiring way to travel, so they took a few breaks – but covered a good distance before starting their hike, deep in the woods at the base of Mount Cheshire (so named because it had a wide gully that looked like a secret smile).
“All right, enough technology, let’s do it old‐school!” grunted her sweaty father.
The air was sweet, the thinning pine trees swayed overhead, and – other than the faint contrails of stratospheric sky‐trampolines – the air above was perfectly clear.
Alice’s mother had a bug‐bot floating around her; Alice and her father declined, since his argument was that an immune system needed as much exercise as the heart and legs. (It was a bit of a self‐serving argument, because for some reason the bugs always swarmed his wife anyway.)
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 28
Alice suddenly wanted to ask her father how many people were left in the world – the word popped into her mind unbidden: “left.” It was a strange word to think of, because her life – and the lives of everyone she knew – were perfectly pleasant and free of trauma, but she couldn’t help but think of everyone’s reaction to the word “Cataclysms.” There was something faintly ominous in the “s” at the end of the word – a time so terrible that it had to be plural; one Cataclysm couldn’t capture it all.
The family paused at a lookout, panting. They nodded politely towards a small cluster of floating VR eyes, most of which nodded back. No mouths or ears appeared, so there wasn’t really anything to say. Probably some old people who couldn’t make the climb directly, but liked the view.
The pine trees stretched as far as the eye could see, like a creaking sea of ragged green teepees. Occasional threads of smoke rose from the fires of campers.
Her father nodded towards the setting sun. “There used to be lines cut all through the forests, everywhere, so they could drive ground cars. It’s hard to imagine why anyone would want to carve up all this beauty, but I guess that’s all they had at the time. These cars were powered by dinosaur juice hundreds of millions of years old – like the ancient monsters had come back to life, carrying people from place to place, the oldest horses in the known universe!”
The setting sun was drawing out her father’s poetic side, but Alice didn’t mind.
There was a distant flare in the deepening blue sky as a jetpack saved a stumbling sky‐jumper.
Alice tried not to be annoyed that her father had a habit of shading his eyes when examining the horizon – even when the light was failing.
“I wouldn’t give up anything that we have achieved,” he murmured. “And it would be crazy to even consider it, because of the sacrifice… We lost so much to be where we are – and maybe we don’t have music that is quite as good, but we don’t have war, and there’s almost no crime – no violence, we found the cure for that, of course, but the cost…”
The shadows of the pine trees lengthened as the sun went down. The city lights in the crescent of the moon glowed faintly. They would have traveled there years ago – or to the sea‐cities, but Alice was scared of deep water, and her mother hated deep space.
“What I like the most these days,” said her mother, “is that there’s nothing that is about to end. When I read or watch about the old days, before…” She shivered. “There was always a sense that everyone was caught in this – giant machinery that was slowly pulling everything apart. I can’t imagine what it would be like to wake up every day and read the news, the latest events, the latest dictates – more restrictions, more craziness, more inflation – price changes – knowing that things were just going so out of control, and that there was really nothing to be done except try to get away or wait it out – which thank heavens some people did, or…”
Her mother trailed off, as parents generally do when the topics get most interesting.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 29
They watched for a moment in silence as the landscape darkened further. The sunset lit the tops of the pine trees, turning them into glowing endless orange cones.
Two by two, the VR eyes winked out. A mouth with a bristly white moustache appeared for a moment, and an ancient voice reminded them to watch their step as they walked down, then that vanished as well. As the half‐sun appeared to be eaten by the distant jagged teeth of the pine trees, a distant festival of sky‐dancing sketched glowing trails like lazy fireworks under the brightening stars.
Alice’s father gestured at the landscape before them – perhaps at the entire world, at least that’s what it seemed.
“Everything we have, we inherited from suffering… The Cataclysms were the worst thing in human history, when we were almost done.”
He turned to Alice, two slivers of sunset embedded on the right side of his pale blue eyes.
“When we finally learned that it all starts with you, we got all of this beauty and peace.”
Alice shivered slightly, and the sun disappeared.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 30
Chapter 4
Like many people – at least those in the past – Alice found fear and her life’s purpose in the same moment.
Much though she loved her parents, she also loved time alone, and so went for lengthy solitary walks. There was virtually no sense of fear in her world – at least of people; accidents and illness were still occasionally fatal, as she well knew.
When she was younger, Alice had asked her father whether she should be afraid of people, and he had nodded seriously, before smiling gently.
“You know how obsessed I am with history, right? Particularly ancient history, like a thousand years ago. Well, there was a time even before that, ancient‐ancient history, or ancient‐squared history perhaps.”
Alice giggled. “Or maybe the word ‘ancient’ with a line on top, like in music.”
He smiled. “Yeah, like you know how some people are called Richardson, and that means ‘son of Richard.’ It seems to be logical that the son of Richardson would be called Richardsonson. And his kid?”
“Richardsonsonson.”
He pointed a finger at her: “Go!”
“Richardsonsonsonson… Richardsonsonsonsonson… Richardsonsonsonsonsonson…”
“Repeat and fade!”
“Uhhh – Richardsonsonsonsonsonson”
He clapped with delight. “Perfect! And there was a technology in the ancient world that allowed you to be frozen, if you were very sick and about to die, in the hopes of being brought back to life in the future, when there was a cure for your illness.” He counted off his fingers. “So let’s say that Richardsonsonsonsonsonson froze himself, what would you call him?”
“I don’t know, ‘Frozen Richardsonsonsonsonsonson?’ Ice‐Richard‐son‐repeat‐and‐fade?”
“Could be – though I for one would call him Richardsonsonsonsonsonson‐sicle.”
Hearty laughter.
“Anyway, in the ancient‐ancient times, when people lived out in the woods, like we do – but it was really wild all around, and they had no technology, no computers, no bots, no machines – there were lots of animals that were pretty dangerous – some of them tiny, like insects and microbes and germs and viruses – and some of them huge, like bears, and some of them large and numerous, like packs of wolves and coyotes. There were also alligators and crocodiles, which were basically land sharks that lived in ponds. Even a small animal, like a chipmunk or a raccoon, could give you a deadly bite that could drive you mad, they called it hydrophobia, or later rabies, and there was no cure. A tiny cut could get you infected, it was a real mess all around, particularly teeth, which killed a lot of people by getting infected. They didn’t have tooth bots at night of course. Anyway, people ended up congregating in cities for a variety of reasons, and in the cities they didn’t have to worry about natural predators, except maybe a couple of wild dogs, which were not too bad to deal with. You never had to deal with a bear or a pack of
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 31
wolves in a city. Getting away from these natural predators was one of the big advantages of living in a city – but of course living in a city exposed you to all the unnatural predators, thieves and pickpockets and murderers and stickup artists – people who would point a weapon at you and take your money. But at least you didn’t have to worry about wolves and bears.”
Alice’s eyes were wide. “Were people really that dangerous back then?”
Her father nodded slowly, seriously. “Oh yeah. It was just terrible – and I haven’t even told you about the worst predator of all, the most dangerous hunter of human beings…”
“What, worse than a bear?”
“Well, bears don’t really hunt people. No, the worst predator was…” He paused.
“What?” Alice could see her father regarding the inner visage of her mother, and wondering if his daughter was old enough to hear about the most dangerous predator in human history.
“Let’s wait, I suppose it gives you something to look forward to…”
“Awww…”
“I know, I know. Anyway, one of the things that people did was to tame wolves, and turn them into dogs. Dogs were great for hunting, and guiding livestock, and guarding, and teaching some empathy to children – it was like domesticating cats, which happened mostly so that rats and mice could be kept away from stored food – especially in the winter. Predators were turned from enemies into friends, mostly by domesticating them, which meant having them bond with human beings, and treating them very well, and feeding them, you know, petting them and taking care of them in general. You kept the most dangerous natural predators at a distance, and you domesticated the local predators, to turn them into friends.”
Alice sighed. “Dad, you really have to learn how to shorten your answers…”
“Yeah, sorry. Anyway, one of the great lessons of the last century or so has been the domestication of human beings – we finally figured out the true cause of crime and violence, and solved it, across most of the world, for all time I think. It took a lot of suffering to get there – to get here – but this is the foundation on which the peace and plenty of the modern world is built.”
Alice could tell he was skirting around some big topic, but she decided to let it pass.
“So – I don’t have to worry about people, then?”
He smiled. “No, honey, you don’t. The odds of you running into someone dangerous are about the same as the odds of you being struck by lightning – less, even. We actually learned how to end evil, or the desire to use violence to get the unearned.”
She jumped up, her legs tingling from sitting too long. “So – I’m free to roam?”
“Please do!”
And roam she did.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 32
Beginning at about the age of 9, Alice explored a good chunk of the world – at least, her local world – largely on her own.
She would sit in the white pews of a sky‐taxi – or use a sky‐trampoline – and visit the local towns.
She loved walking down the wide, tree‐lined avenues, past the local markets – which mostly contained human‐made pieces of art, clothing, furniture and food, popular among the ‘purebloods’ – the people who had decided to live without machinery for various reasons.
Some of them were ‘back to the land’ folks, who said that the most natural life was the best life, and tried to do everything by hand – or at least with as little machine assistance as possible.
Some of the purebloods also believed that exploiting machines was a form of slavery, and refused to participate in the bot‐life. Lively debates were held on a regular basis about all these issues. The oldest and most intractable problem of ideology – absolutism – was regularly challenged and crucified, so to speak.
Was it permissible to let machines clear the land before you took up planting by hand?
Was it acceptable to let nano‐bots scour your body clear of cancer, if you got sick?
Alice accepted that human beings would always want a challenge – and one of the greatest challenges in a peaceful society was the question of purity. The debates never got out of hand, of course – people moved back and forth between various positions – both ideologically and physically – but the question could never be resolved perfectly – because, of course, perfection is impossible.
If a life without machines is the best, then if you need to dip into the world of machines in order to survive cancer, say, then you should do so, in order to continue enjoying the life without machines…
At the other extreme were the people who viewed bots as a stepping‐stone to a higher consciousness, a form of godhood, and eagerly merged their consciousnesses into every spare atom of quantum computing they could get their mental hands on. They were constantly pushing the boundaries of the overlap between human consciousness and machine mind – inserting modules that allowed them to program their own brains. They rarely returned from their digital journeys, and so did not often participate in the various debates – plus, they often lost the knack of communicating in merely mortal terms, and often preferred having virtual consciousness to having actual children, and so tended to fade away from human society, operating on the fringes of what could be seen at the flickering edges of the collective digital mind.
They sometimes combined with each other, as well as machines, and claimed that the ecstasy of the ultimate merge was greater than anything that could be achieved by what they somewhat condescendingly referred to as the “mortal flesh suit.” Their happiness took them so far outside of natural society that they ended up getting lost over the digital horizon, like fading echoes in a bottomless canyon.
Alice found the variety of the communities amazing and wonderful. Some people liked to live with their own ethnicities, other people like to blend in multiracial societies; there were a few female‐only
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 33
neighbourhoods, and even a few male‐only – and one teen‐only neighbourhood, which truly fascinated her.
Automation was the essence of the world – there were five kinds of neighbourhoods in general: Bigbots, Nanobots, Humanbots, Normalbots and Botless – no bots at all.
In the Bigbots neighbourhoods, the automation was large, creative, innovative and startling. You could be served by dinosaurs, pixies, space creatures – there was an entire town devoted to Lord of the Rings, with every creature from the books faithfully replicated. You had to stay on your toes, and get used to it, because the BotArtists were unconstrained in their creativity. You could hire a twin for the day – Alice was once startled by being served by a waiter who looked exactly like her, down to the little scar under her left eye that came from swimming goggles a year ago.
The restless spirit of the endless artistry extended even to the houses, which constantly changed colour, shape and style. Sometimes, when you were walking down the street, a cottage would morph into a castle – and then a bulbous anti‐gravity fun house, if a children’s party was underway.
It was all a little – intense for her rational mind, and she began to steer clear of these “waking dreams” avenues.
The Nanobot neighbourhoods could be equally surreal. There, people preferred not to see any automation at all, so restaurant meals arrived floating on air; ancient people with uncertain legs zoomed by, appearing to sit on nothing. People had animated conversations, gesturing at invisible phones, and children climbed randomly in midair, their hands and feet supported by invisible servants. Even sky‐taxis and jet packs were invisible – people just flew through the air, pointing and laughing.
Alice preferred the Humanbots neighbourhoods, where all automatons took human form – with a red dot on the left earlobe, to distinguish them. Recent work to make the robots even more human had been pulled back, because it kind of messed with people’s heads, and so duller eyes and more doll‐like hair had become the norm.
Normalbot neighbourhoods were the most familiar – machines looked like machines. Form followed function – vacuum robots were giant suction holes with spider legs, construction bots were a tangle of arms and conveyor belts for moving and piling; waiters were metal bipeds with forklift arms.
Botless neighbourhoods were nostalgic throwbacks to the time before automation. Engines were allowed, machines were welcome, but bots were not. These were actually growing in popularity, because the inevitable human impulse to dabble in the spectacular grew wearisome, and it wasn’t actually good for people’s long‐term mental health to live in the resurrected dreams of hyper‐creative artists.
Everyone advocated for their own visions, and competed for the minds and hearts of the transient. Neighbourhoods grew, split, vanished, formed and reformed, on a continual basis.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 34
“We cannot safely or sanely move past our evolution,” said a passionate bearded man at a café. “We evolved in the woods, very well, we can leave the woods – but we cannot leave reality, we cannot survive at the mercy of other people’s imaginations. When we are continually presented with that which was impossible even twenty years ago – baby T‐Rex’s serving us brunch – it dissolves our capacity to process reality. It is entertaining, it is distracting – but it is inhuman.”
The “no bots” advocates referred to the tinkering with unreality that characterized the other neighbourhoods as a Rumspringa – a youthful time when curiosity trumps common sense, and novelty distracts from virtue.
Outside the towns – and there were always tours going everywhere, people loved to advertise their own lifestyles – you could really dive deep into the nitty‐gritty of rural life, among the people who eschewed technology as a whole.
Alice had inherited her father’s interest in history, and would sometimes wander around towns with a book‐bot whispering in her ear. She tried some of the latest virtual reality technologies, but found them far too realistic for her tastes. She went on a Martian experience, sniffing the cinnamon winds of the red planet, shivering under the cold pale sky, but it either felt unreal – or terrifyingly real. After she had a minor panic attack looking at the tiny moon‐like Earth from Mars, she unplugged and never returned. There were entire communities of people living virtual lives on Mars, and they often enticed her to stay, but she found the experience (and actually smiled when the word popped into her mind) alienating.
A few people were actually living on Mars, but interplanetary colonization was generally viewed as the most extreme of sports, like solo Alpining or sea‐floor exploration, and was left to the thrill‐junkies who lived to surf the edge of adrenaline.
The people who escaped into virtual reality did get their exercise, on rotating room floors that could simulate just about any ground surface, allowing them to move, climb, hike, swim, you name it – but it just seemed too unreal to be enticing. Also, Alice was alarmed about some of the reports that people who spent too much time in virtual reality lost their caution in the real world. They would forget to put on sunscreen, lean over cliff edges, imagining that every negative consequence in reality could be undone like the “save game” world of VR.
Her parents let her explore these alternative worlds, but did remind her that she was only alive to explore them because they had limited their own youthful use of the infinite technology, deciding to return and start an actual family.
Her father said once, “It seems odd that some people still want to escape into a virtual world when we have made the real world so pleasant!”
Alice had asked him about combining her love of history with virtual reality, but he said that no company would let her go into an accurate historical VR, because as a child she would just be too traumatized by direct and vivid contact with most of human history.
His eyes grew deadly serious. “It’s too much of a horror show to be experienced directly. You can watch it on a flat screen – there are still some of them around – and you can also read about it in books, on
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 35
flat‐text. But what you cannot do is step in and experience it yourself, directly. Honestly, I have no idea how people in history kept even a shred of their sanity, given the horrors of the world around them. Although I suppose that was also the perspective of people in the Old World… We look at the world of history and see it as a madhouse of evil and violence – but the people back then looked back even further, to the Ancient World – a time of plague and superstition and starvation and war and death by infection and tooth decay – and imagined that those people lived in hell as well. No, even if you find someone willing to let you go into, say, 600 years ago, just report them to our local DRO, because they really shouldn’t be doing that. They would probably be fined – not ostracized, but still…”
Alice would wander into a few back‐alley flat‐screen movie shows about the past, where very elderly and sad‐faced men – whose grandfathers’ probably passed down to them first‐hand childhood accounts of the Cataclysms – would tell her age‐appropriate stories of the Old World, their voices paper‐thin.
“Back then, my dear, parents were forced to pay for the schools, and children were mostly forced to go. There was a lot of violence and abuse – what? What is abuse? Well, it’s when you… Generally, it’s when you try to make yourself feel better by making someone else feel worse – in this case a child. Why did people do that? Well, I guess everyone thought it was something called ‘human nature,’ which was very strange when you think about it – it would have been in the past, too, if people had bothered to think about it at all. Forcing people into a building is the definition of a prison – a prison? Yes, sorry, a prison was a massive fortified building where criminals were put – and a lot of non‐criminals, sadly – and forced to stay for a certain amount of time, because they had confessed to some kind of crime, or been found guilty. Anyway, the schools were the closest thing that most people ever came to being in prison, because they were forced to be there – and bullied constantly, and lied to about the world, and morality, and their society as a whole… And it was really the only place – outside the family of course – where people experienced direct violence, often daily. And the truly mad part of it was that the parents were forced to pay for all of this violence and incarceration and indoctrination – sorry, ‘incarceration’ means keeping people in buildings against their wills, it’s pretty much the same as ‘kidnapping,’ but it was justified by the general beliefs at the time. No, the truly mad part was that the teachers – who were paid by threats of violence against the parents – would always instruct the children that they must never ever use violence to get their way! ‘No violence, no stealing,’ was the general saying in these school prisons – while the teachers and the managers and all the workers got paid by violence! Who forced the parents to pay? I’m afraid that’s where the limit of considerate education comes for me – you will have to ask your parents about all of that, that is not something that you should learn from a stranger…”
There was a non‐blind spot at the center of her society, at least in talking about the past – a massive trauma that reminded her of an experiment her father had done with her once about trying to push two opposing magnets together. Closing the circle of ignorance, talking about the core of the evils of the past, was something that people still shied away from – even generations after the Cataclysms. It was the only real sign of superstition that she found in her society. It was like the world had killed some kind of demon or deadly ghost, and was afraid to speak its name, for fear of bringing it back to life…
“When you are older, when you are older…”
But then, one day in the woods, on the mountain, Alice found fear, found her future, and came the closest to the evils of the past that could be conceived of in the world of the present.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 36
Chapter 5 
Alice became friends with the dark‐haired man from the café – he had a daughter, Emily, who became her best friend.
Emily’s family were often referred to as “harpies,” which was a combination of the ancient word ‘hippies’ (because of their loving view of nature), as well as ‘harpies,’ since they could be quite insistent on their ‘back to nature’ philosophy.
Emily’s father was a swarthy, dark‐haired man with wide shoulders and extravagant passions, who railed against the modern world, and its dependence on computers and machines.
“You know that we are carbon‐based life forms, not silicon‐based life forms, right?! Let me tell you about my day – I get up before dawn, milk the cows, boil the peanuts I washed last night, then break the earth with a metal plow pulled behind an unruly mule. I fix my own shoes, do my own carpentry, grow my own fruits and vegetables, and a couple of times a year, slaughter my own pigs. I preserve and smoke my own meat, and rely on these..!” Here he slapped his meaty biceps. “…instead of this!” Here he simulated frantic typing in thin air. “Heeere, botty‐botty‐botty, keep me an infant forever!”
He wasn’t exactly a fanatic – and Alice wasn’t afraid of anyone, of course, since she knew she would never be yelled at or hit – so she took him on after dinner one night.
“You are very passionate about this.”
He rolled his eyes and burped. “The word ‘passion’ is an insult used by the bloodless to criticize those with actual emotions.”
Alice smiled, unoffended. It was widely recognized that to be offended was to automatically lose the argument.
“What do you mean?”
He fixed his eyes on her. “What is the purpose of life?”
It was her turn to roll her eyes. “Why, happiness of course!”
“Why?”
“Well, because it is the one state that we do not achieve in order to achieve some other state. We get bitcoin to buy things, we buy things to make us happy – once we are happy, there is no other place to go…”
He jabbed his finger into the palm of his other hand. “Right – and every time a man – or a girl – uses a machine, do know what he or she is actually saying?”
Alice smiled. “‘I don’t want to waste my time?’”
He barked with laughter. “No! If a man uses a machine to lift something, he is admitting that he is unable to lift it himself! Every time we use a machine to do something, we are confessing that we cannot do it ourselves, or are unwilling. In other words, we are either weak, or lazy!”
Alice smiled, enjoying the debate. “Are you calling me weak or lazy?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 37
His eyes widened. “What, insult a child? Of course not, you are in a state of pre‐knowledge. Think of the people stuck in the outer rims of VR, who barely ever come back to reality. By living in a computer, they are saying that they need a computer in order to be happy. Isn’t that a little sad, don’t you think?”
Alice considered. “Let’s start with something a little easier, which is medicine – surely medicine is acceptable, if you get sick.”
He pursed his lips, frowning. “Okay, but what you need to understand – sorry Alice, that was a little condescending – what’s important to remember is the old lesson of automobiles from the Old World. People were forced to wear seatbelts, the idea being that if they crashed, they would be safer – but they actually caused more danger! People with seatbelts simply drove faster, and more dangerously – the people who got injured more were people on little two‐wheeled motorcycles, or people just walking around, ‘pedestrians’ they were called I think. People with easy access to medicine tend to live more risky lives – they eat badly, exercise less, perhaps they have other bad habits – it’s not entirely clear that access to medicine extends the lifespan enormously, it simply backfills people’s bad decisions, quite often.”
Alice gestured at her watching friend. “So if Emily got sick, you wouldn’t take her to a doctor?”
His eyes narrowed. “I’m not a fanatic, my dear!” He touched his daughter’s cheek with great affection. “The purpose of life is happiness, and if Emily died from a curable illness, I would be miserable for the rest of my life, probably. It’s quite a common thing in the world, that when someone has a belief, you push it to extremes, hoping to break it – and then abandon the entire system. It’s like having a sky‐ trampoline, then saying, ‘Well, it doesn’t bounce me to the moon, so I’m not going to use it at all!’ Extremes are not a test of a system aiming at a moving target like happiness. Ambition is necessary for the young, but looks kind of ridiculous when a man turns a hundred and forty! Exercise is good – unless you work too hard, and hurt yourself. Absolutes can never hit moving targets, and vice versa. But let me ask you this…”
He paused.
Alice said: “Yes?”
He chose his words delicately. “Of course there will never be other Cataclysms, but I do sometimes wonder what would happen if there was a failure in the computers or the bots or the machines, and people were left to face reality without all of this silicon nonsense propping them up.”
He took a bite, happy to talk through his chewing.
“I mean, imagine if VR went down – people would lose half their relationships, their sense of where they are, of reality itself… They’d get to see what their food actually looks like – and their friends too, if they have any nearby. Look – it’s not healthy to become so dependent on external machinery that you can’t really function without it. It’s not how we evolved – it’s how kings and rulers and slave masters evolved, but not us, not working folks.”
He nodded with evident pleasure.
“I know that I can produce my own food and shelter with my own hands, and that gives me great satisfaction – and I’m desperate to communicate to other people that the hard work and sacrifice is
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 38
worth it! I feel like I’m trying to pry people away from a kind of digital drug – I mean, you’re going hiking with Emily tomorrow, after the sleepover, when you could just as easily walk in VR, or take sky‐ trampolines, or even be carried by bus‐bots – you’re choosing to walk, because you want your feet on the ground, the scent of oak in your nose, the wind in your ears, making that tiny roar.”
He smiled in sensual delight.
“You want the crunch of leaves and needles under your feet, the swaying as you walk, and you want your breath to come hard and tight, and your muscles to throb at the end of the day – that kind of work is what makes us human, it’s how we got to the top of the food chain, and now rule a peaceful planet – it just feels kind of odd to abandon all of the musculature that got us to where we are, for the sake of turning machines into slaves to do everything for us!”
Alice nodded and took a sip of water.
“That’s totally true, I do love to hike, as does Emily – and I like the variety as well.” She widened her hands. “To be honest, I view where you are coming from as kind of the opposite extreme of the VR dwellers. They live in machines, you want to live without machines – I’m not going to nag you about axes and plows and silly things like that, I get that absolutism is a cheap argument – but I’m kind of for the Aristotelian mean. If I want to hike someplace remote, I want to jump there, or be carried. If I had to spend a week doing boring hikes in order to get to a beautiful hike, I probably wouldn’t go, I’ll be honest with you. And – ok, tell me this – when was the last time you went on a distant hike?”
He pursed his lips to one side, considering her question. “I’m not pausing because I’m trying to find some way out of your question, but because I don’t really remember, and I actually haven’t had much of a desire to hike, since I work with my body all day, and find great satisfaction in that labour!”
“That’s fine,” grinned Alice. “I do love a good debate! Here’s my issue, if this makes any sense. I think that the desire to enroll other people in your recipe or path to happiness generally takes away from that happiness. You would prefer it if the world would be self‐sufficient, in the way that you and your family are, right?”
He nodded eagerly.
“So you see, you are less happy because other people are not listening to you – or at least do not follow your advice or prescription, or whatever you want to call it. So you are putting your happiness in the hearts and minds of others, and you cannot control them directly, since no one does that anymore, so your happiness is taken away from you, and depends, at least in part, on whether other people accept what you have to say. Myself, I don’t… want to put any part of my happiness on the free will of others.”
“You mean, even a husband or your children?”
Alice paused, waiting for the response to bubble up in her, as it usually did in these kinds of conversations. “No, because you’re talking about changing the whole world – my husband and my children will have similar values to me, so they are a preselected group, not a random sample of everyone that I would want to change.” She took another sip of water, holding up a finger. “I guess there are two ways to go about trying to get other people to change – the first is to insist that they change, and give them lots of arguments and evidence – and the second is to be happy yourself, and see if they are interested in how you got there. You seem to judge people who are dependent on machines
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 39
very negatively, and I think in general it’s that negative judgement that will push them away from you, and not give you the happiness that you want – or add to their happiness, either, I guess.”
He stared at her, then laughed in delight.
“That is a really good argument, I can’t believe you’re still so young – but this is a brave new world, particularly for kids of course – good for you! I don’t have a great response, so I will just say that tomorrow – listen up Emily, you’ll love this – tomorrow, you can hike anywhere that a sky‐taxi can take you.”
Emily jumped up, knocking over her cup of herbal tea. “Really? HWANK!”
Emily had had bronchitis when she was younger, and still had a little bit of asthma, and when she got excited, a kind of faint goose‐like honking came out of her throat.
They stayed up late that night, using Alice’s phone to examine every nook and cranny in the proximate wilderness, looking for the greatest possible hike. They finally found, tucked under the low‐hanging canopy of the 3D map – a natural cave with a thin but rapid waterfall spraying out of it. It was not too distant – about halfway up Smudge Mountain – and there did appear to be some vague paths leading up from some lower meadows.
Grudgingly, Emily’s father zoomed in on the map, examining the paths in greater detail. “Hmmm, it’s not really bear country, those paths look too narrow, so you should be fine… I’m going to really throw myself into the fire and ask you to take an emergency bot with you – with the understanding that this is the reason why I try to avoid technology, since depending on one thing tends to lead to depending on another, until you haven’t seen a natural sunrise in three years, like my brother.”
This would be Emily’s first time on a sky‐taxi, and she was enormously excited. The pair stayed up very late talking about the adventure to come, until Alice sensibly reminded her friend that it would be much less enjoyable if they didn’t get enough sleep. Emily agreed, on the condition that they travel without phones in the morning, since they tended to be so distracting.
After an early breakfast, Emily’s father mounted a horse and rode off to borrow an emergency bot. He reminded them that the bot might need some sunlight from time to time, and to use it to call the sky‐ taxi 45 minutes before they needed it.
After activating the emergency bot, they played a lazy game of horseshoes as the sun rose above a distant and rather unkempt barn. Soon enough, a pure white six‐seater sky‐taxi slid through the air over the cows, causing them to moo anxiously. It settled just above the ground.
Emily’s father said: “What do they call them – rows?”
Alice smiled. “Pews. We get into the pews.”
Alice lugged up their backpacks and the bot, then leaned forward to the crystals and murmured their destination. The sky‐taxi surged into the air, expertly blowing anti‐wind against the slipstream, so that only a vague breeze stirred their hair as they shot through the sky.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 40
“Some people like sky‐taxis with windows, but I think they suck!” cried Alice in heady joy.
Emily laughed. “I thought we would have to be yelling the whole time, but this is kind of weirdly quiet. I can see why it reminds some people of a church.”
Alice asked the sky‐taxi to skim the treetops, and they competed as to who could find the most bird’s nests.
After a while, Alice turned to her friend curiously. “Do you like this natural life that your family has?”
Emily made a face. “Well that’s not a big question or anything!”
“We have some time.”
Emily tucked a long strand of hair behind her left ear, turning to regard the treetops flowing under the pews.
Alice could sense a strong feeling rising within her friend, but gave her space to let it form.
Eventually, Emily said softly: “I actually really like working on the farm, it does feel real and vivid and – smelly, of course. It feels better that my friends actually have to visit, and we see each other for real – and there is always something to do, and I’m never bored, and I don’t feel like I have to run like crazy after this stimulation stuff that everybody else seems to want all the time. I do miss having more in common with other people, you all have these references to things I don’t really know anything about – although I guess I do for you as well. It’s definitely what my dad thinks is the best thing – and my mom too, of course – and I trust them that they are looking out for what is best for me, and they never make me do anything, and of course I never get punished or anything like that, that’s a given, who does? And my dad is very clear that whatever I want to do as an adult is totally up to me, so in three years I can make whatever choices I want, and he will support me no matter what, so I would say I’m happy in what it is that I’m doing.”
Alice smiled. “That’s great, I appreciate that, thank you, I know it was a sudden and big question, that’s kind of like my habit if you hadn’t figured that out by now!”
“Oh yes, we all know,” laughed Emily. “Sometimes we call you ‘Chalice,’ because there’s a lot to drink in.”
Alice giggled. “‘Chalice.’ Haha, that’s really great! I envy you little bit, to be honest, if you don’t mind.”
“Mind? Why would I mind? I thought I was a little bit pitied – not exactly, but you know what I mean – like a poor relation who can’t afford a cook‐bot.”
“Envy because you have something to battle. You battle nature, and animals I guess to some degree, and the challenge of a fairly different lifestyle from everyone else, or at least most people.” Alice raised her fists into the breathing air. “I wake up punchy, and I go to sleep punchy, and my dreams are punchy, but the world seems so serene and even‐tempered and peaceful that I feel as if my punchiness would just be like – I don’t know, like everyone’s looking at the reflection of a beautiful sunset on a still lake, and I just heave a big giant boulder into it and smash up all the serenity. That’s not exactly a good way to put it, because they could just look directly at the sunset, but you know what I mean. You have something to fight, and all I do I think is fight my own punchiness.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 41
“You know what people would say about that, right?”
They cried out together in singsong voices: “‘Where in your childhood did that come from?’”
Alice smiled ruefully. “Yeah, that’s what they always say, but I don’t think anything particularly bad happened to make me punchy, other than my sister of course, which was just a brute accident, and I was so young, I don’t really… So much about us is genetic, they say, so – I mean, I had my Scans like everyone, totally normal, very peaceful parenting, my family is great – but I’m still punchy, and I kind of wonder if I’m gonna grow out of it, leave it behind, even out, sink into the – swamp of everyone, if that makes sense. But it’s growing instead, especially after puberty, and all that. Maybe I should just start a…”
Her mouth froze.
“What?”
“Oh, no, nothing.”
Emily leaned towards her. “Truth spell,” she murmured. This was from an old game they played, where they were wizards and had magic.
“Haha, oh my goodness, that’s kind of ancient!”
“Truth spell on the freckled forehead!” said Emily, placing her cool hand on Alice’s skin.
“Oh, I was going to say, perhaps I should start a war, but that’s about as not funny as anything could be.”
“That is some edgy humour right there,” said Emily, drawing back slightly. She blushed suddenly. “No, it’s fine, I’m not offended, but I guess I’m just happy that there’s no one else in church with us.”
“No secrets of course, but it’s okay if we just keep this between us.”
They knew some of the history of the Cataclysms. Enough to know what would never be considered funny.
Emily nodded slowly. “Okay, I’ll do one, and then will be even, and will have to keep each other’s secrets.”
“Oh. Ok.”
Emily leaned forward and whispered: “Perhaps you and me and a group of criminals should take control of everyone’s money…”
Alice laughed nervously. “Find a way to make Bitcoins out of thin air, stealing everything from everyone!”
Emily gasped. “Oooh – and we could force all the children to learn what we wanted – what served our needs – so they would become our slaves!”
“And find a way to sell people into debt, so we could become rich!”
“Children too! Even the unborn!”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 42
“And – find a way to charge people for going to work – charge them for a certificate saying they could!”
“And if they ever displeased us, we could just take it all away!”
Alice’s cheeks were red with daring. “Oh – oh, I’ve got one – we could force people to fight our wars!”
The two girls shivered – although the sun was rising and the air was warm – and went silent.
Some jokes were just too dark.
Chapter 6 
The girls were not expecting to see anyone, this far from anywhere…
Sometimes, when they hiked in the early evening, they saw various VR eyes and ears floating through the trees like eerie fireflies of distant thought, but they weren’t expecting any in‐person footfalls on the stony heights of the mountain.
They had never met a mean person – sometimes impatient, short‐tempered, mildly irritated – but always, there was this general social approach of being extraordinarily nice to children, so they were never concerned about interacting with strangers.
The only crime they had ever really heard of was the crime of wasting your life, which was constantly aimed at the VR addicts, called “DOAvers,” for Dead on Arrival VR. Occasionally, somebody would suffer from some biological ailment – brain cancer or something like it – and there would be abuse or violence, but since these lost souls lacked free will, they were not prosecuted as criminals, but rather confined and cured as victims of endlessly fallible biology. But actual willing malevolent evil violence – that was as unknown in their world as a poltergeist at a physics conference.
Alice and Emily had made it up to a small clearing a strong stone’s throw below the cave where the waterfall originated. Looking up, they could see the small vertical chasm, a tight spray of rushing water, the green loops of hanging vines, and small rocks polished by the rush spilling from the mouth.
“Why is it called ‘Smudge Mountain’?” panted Emily. The emergency bot floated up around her sweaty head, as if in concern.
Alice smiled. “The first sketch of this area was 700 years ago. This mountain was drawn in the distance in charcoal, on the horizon – when the artist got back to town and unrolled the paper, it had all smudged.”
Emily shivered. “I can’t imagine the world back then.”
Alice snorted. “Who’d want to? Sorry, what do you mean?”
Emily shook her head slightly. “Everyone here is always – so nice to us. Us kids. It’s hard to get a good description of what it was like – back then. Everyone keeps their mouths closed. That’s worse, it leaves everything to my imagination. Like it was hell.” She gestured at the mountain peak above. “Like kids were just a smudge on the horizon.”
Alice nodded appreciatively. “It wasn’t hell though. Hell is where you went if you were evil. But kids can’t be evil. My dad says that kids had to be broken because the world was broken – and the world was broken because kids were broken. Round and round. I think of it more as a torture prison.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 43
“I don’t know how they did it. How did they go on? Get out of bed? Go to – school?”
“I don’t know,” said Alice softly. “Attacked, beaten, lied to, ignored…”
“Why?” whispered Emily, brushing her hair back.
“We don’t have to know,” replied Alice. “It’s never coming back.”
They drank some water, then started the steep tangled path up towards the waterfall. They loved angling themselves to flow through the tangled branches – a slow contorted dance of passage.
It was Emily who first put her hand on Alice’s arm. Perhaps because her father was a harpy, and she was raised closer to the land – and the ill temper of farm animals – her sense of caution darted up, like the flared neck of a cobra.
“Stop!” she hissed.
Alice did not take away her arm, and froze.
“What, do you see something?” she whispered, barely audible.
Alice nodded ahead, through the darkening undergrowth. “Those boys…”
Alice sighed. “Gosh, you startled me, I thought you saw a bear or something. Or a wolf.”
“No, there’s something…”
“What?” Alice moved forward and squinted. In a clearing ahead – just past the waterfall, two boys – almost young men really – were idly poking a stick into a small fire. Something brown was on a stick over the fire, but she couldn’t tell what it was… The lightly blown sparks from their fire merged with the sparkling splashes of the waterfall in an elemental dance.
“I don’t like the look of them,” said Emily, her face pale. “Let’s go.”
She took a step back, pulling on Alice’s arm, almost toppling her.
“Emily,” whispered Alice, “we’ve come all this way – and this is the one time you get to use a sky‐taxi! We’re so close, it won’t be the same looking at it later, on the globe – don’t you want to explore? They’re just two boys.” Alice squinted again – her eyesight wasn’t quite as sharp as her friends’. “And the closest mean children are like half a world away, in a statist country…” She said the last two words with near‐visceral contempt.
On its almost‐silent wings, the emergency bot shifted a little closer to them. With their heightened startle reflex, the girls spun around to look at it.
Alice saw Emily’s eyes widen slightly.
“What?”
Emily nodded urgently, towards the fire. Alice turned, and saw that only one boy was now sitting with his stick in the flames.
Had he been looking at them?
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 44
“So what?” shrugged Alice. “The other one probably just had to pee.”
Slightly shy people gain peculiar strength when they summon unusual assertiveness. Emily’s hand tightened almost painfully on Alice’s arm, pulling her backwards.
“Alice. We’re going!”
Alice nodded, swept along on the undercurrent of her friend’s fear. It seemed odd to Alice, since boys – or children – or people as a whole – seemed about as threatening as a box of kittens, but something odd was happening to her friend, and it wasn’t worth arguing with someone obviously in a high state of excitation – later they could debate, but…
There was a sudden squishy electric‐arc sound, and a shower of tiny blue and yellow sparks exploded in the air. The very faint whirring of the emergency bot’s wings stopped – in the sudden shocked silence, they saw the hot shards of metal and plastic spread, scatter and fall to the ground. Alice had a sudden and almost irresistible urge to stamp on the tiny wreckage, for fear that a fire could spread and consume the trees.
She even raised her foot – but stopped when she noticed that Emily was not looking at the scattered wreckage, but rather – eyes as wide as eggs – was staring into the bushes to the left of the cave. It was such a look of fear that Alice’s foot froze, and she stood there on one leg like a stunned comical flamingo.
Alice followed her friend’s gaze, and saw a – oh, what was it called, some ancient weapon or plaything of centuries ago, shaped like a ‘Y,’ it shot pebbles or something like that – slingshot, that was it!
Someone just destroyed our property… The sentence ran through Alice’s mind like lemmings off a cliff. This had simply never happened to her before, she had never heard of anything like this happening at all, it was almost unimaginable that someone would voluntarily choose to break something that someone else owned – particularly a child, the ultimate protected group in society!
She opened her mouth, but had absolutely no idea what to say. The wild thought flickered through her mind that these two boys were really space aliens in human form, who had no idea how human society actually worked, and… And…
And that something terrible would happen…
A thin tendril of fear began to rise within her, as if her bowels were a tiny fire producing smoke. The sudden distance between them and their parents opened up in her heart, and she felt very alone and apart, out of nowhere it seemed.
The boy by the fire laughed – she could see in the flickering ancient light that an utterly unjustified optimism had set him on the path of trying to grow a beard.
“Good shot!” he cried – and there was a flicker of emotion in his voice that Alice truly had no words for – it was a kind of pride and triumph and domination and coldness and arrogance and – and – suddenly she was afraid. She had heard many foreign languages, travelling either in person or through VR, but they all had similar tones of reason and openness and friendliness – this was like a deep well with a person trapped at the bottom, trapped in deep time, in the old world, like a child who had fallen down
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 45
that well, and cried lustily for help, but by the time you climbed down the crumbling wall, the child had turned into an crow‐cleaned ivory skeleton that jumped at you in the dark…
Oh my gosh, what is happening to my brain? thought Alice in panic.
For the first time in her entire life, she felt a sudden desire to turn and flee, to run, to scamper from – from predation.
The younger boy emerged from the bushes, jammed his slingshot into a back pocket, spat to his right, and grinned in a lopsided – almost distorted – manner at them.
“No reason for outsiders,” he said easily.
Alice felt another shock of fear. People who are utterly at ease in a bizarre situation… Again, she had no language for it, other than the phrase: no strangers to strange…
The older boy lifted his stick from over the fire, scattering yellow and orange sparks.
“Do you eat meat? Do you like meat?” he asked. Although the skin of whatever he had been burning was still bubbling, he used his molars to rip off a strip. His hair was dark in the growing gloom – his cheeks smudged with soot and scratches and – and – paint?
He raised his head to stare at the two girls. His eyes were hooded under his thick brows – eyes the exact same colour as the surrounding background, so that they looked like two holes that went straight through his head. Alice thought absurdly of two bowling alleys, side‐by‐side…
“Can you talk?” demanded the older boy. “Dontcha know that it’s rude to not answer a simple question?” His voice sounded pained, aggrieved, insistent.
“Maybe they are scared,” offered the younger boy. “Bot kids, far from home.”
Emily’s voice startled Alice, she had never heard this tone from her friend before: “Why did you – destroy our emergency bot?”
The younger boy spat again, he was chewing something they could not see.
“You are trespassing, and spying,” he said angrily. “You ever seen me coming to your house and staring in your windows?”
The older boy said: “We want them to take us off the map, because this is ours, but… They don’t care, they don’t take us into consideration, so why should we return the favour?”
Oh no, thought Alice, remembering the history of philosophy she studied when she was younger. Moral equivalence and reversal, this is not good at all…
“There’s no need for us to be enemies,” said the younger boy, walking forward and extending his rather grimy hand. Closer, the girls could see that one of his front teeth was missing, giving him a slight lisp. “You are kids, we are kids, no need for…” He closed his fists together and punched each knuckle into the other – far too hard. The girls flinched at the sound.
Alice swallowed – swallowed again, then found her voice. “We really need to be going.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 46
“No!” said the older boy loudly. “You trespass, you pay the rent, it’s that simple. Law of the land.”
The… rent? thought Alice.
With extraordinary rapidity, the younger boy walked forward, and grabbed both girls very hard by the forearms.
“Sit a while,” he breathed, and Alice, using instincts she didn’t even know she possessed, commanded herself not to flinch in the face of his breath, which stank like the exhale of a collapsing mausoleum.
From the corner of her eye, she saw the older boy nodding and kicking something lying on the ground beside him. “Yeah, we’re low on wood – and we have another gopher.”
The younger boy dragged them forward to the fire. Emily tried going limp, but he pulled her forward anyway, and she had to get up, because her knees were being scraped to hell.
“We are reasonable folk,” continued the older boy. “You keep our fire going long enough to cook the next gopher, and you can go on your way.”
“We don’t want to stay,” said Alice, feeling quite disoriented. Although expressing her reasonable preference had gotten her what she wanted 100% of the time throughout her young life, she was absolutely – and quite suddenly – certain that her will had no coinage here. My free will is mere fiat currency here…
“You don’t want to stay?” repeated the older boy mockingly, standing to his full height. He was a lot taller than Alice. “Well we don’t want you here, but here you are, so I guess we’ll just have to find a way to make the best of it.”
All these strange justifications circled the two girls like tiny sharks – like the sparks from the fire – and Alice suddenly remembered an argument she had heard when she was very little, that it was much safer being attacked by a big dog on dry land than a two‐foot shark in the water, because the water was the shark’s element, and there were no trees to climb…
Emily began to cry – some unknown instinct of hers felt tears coming, but pumped them up a little bit, perhaps to find some scrap of empathy or compassion in the two utterly strange boys.
The younger boy picked up his stick from the fire and pointed the glowing end directly at Emily’s face.
“You shut up!” he yelled. “I don’t care if you’re a girl, no sniffling, no blubbering, no face‐mess or lippy trembles, all right? We’re not here to hurt you, do you have any idea what kind of insult you are throwing in our face by crying at our fire? WE’RE NOT HERE TO HURT YOU IF YOU ARE NICE!”
As if in a game where the sun was grabbed from dawn to noon, the faces of the two girls went suddenly pale. They both immediately understood the implication – that some unknown and incomprehensible activity called being “nice” was all that stood between them and getting hurt – how badly, neither wanted to know.
“What do you want from us?” asked Alice.
The older boy sneered. “Oh now it’s time to play dumb, right? First thing she’s got to do is stop the blubbering. We’re not animals, we’re not beasts of the jungle…” He screeched like a monkey. “It’s just a
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 47
bit of business, like I told you, payment for trespassing – more civilized than others would treat you. You keep this fire going while we roast the gopher, and we’re even, we’re square, we’re done.”
Emily took a deep, shuddering breath. “And then – and then, we can go?”
The older boy roared suddenly: “DID WE EVER SAY YOU WERE WANTED? I DON’T THINK SO, GIRLIE! YOU ARE TRESPASSING, YOU WITH ALL THIS ‘PROPERTY’ STUFF SHOULD DAMN WELL UNDERSTAND!”
Alice was shocked – she had only ever heard true bellowing in recordings of historical speeches, when deranged politicians slid the hot spikes of inflammatory language into the festering resentments of some boiling mob.
Strange to say, but the younger boy suppressed a giggle as the older boy shouted at Emily. Alice’s mind spun, absolutely at a loss as to whether this was a good sign, or a very bad sign. Was this all a kind of play‐acting, a test of their strength – or could these two dangerous boys cast all norms of civilized behaviour aside because they knew they would face no consequences for any of their actions?
Her mind raced through wild escape scenarios.
We could kick the fire and run, or I could grab a stick and whack one of these boys in the head – a burning stick, even better – and we could flee back down the path, but unless we totally disable them, it’s their territory, not ours – they are sharks in the water, not dogs on the land. Also, they have that slingshot thing, and the younger boy can aim like a laser, he could take us down no problem – and Emily has that asthma thing – ‘SUCKS TO YOUR ASS‐MAR came into her mind from a long‐ago story – so she couldn’t make it very far, and the boys are bigger and stronger, and we can’t call the sky‐taxi without the emergency bot, and there’s just no way we can get away, at least not reliably, and I can’t coordinate anything with Emily without the boys knowing, so – what are we supposed to do? We actually can’t get away until they let us get away!
The image of her father rose in her mind, and she suddenly felt a confused form of protective tenderness towards him. Even if he was here, I’ve never seen him deal with anything like this, what would he do? Would he take a stick to these boys and beat them? They are used to these woods, and handy with weapons, who would come out on top? And in this kind of situation, if anyone escalates violence, without it being a decisive victory, things go from bad to worse in a heartbeat…
Thinking of a heart beating led her mind to an old picture she had seen of an Aztec ritual; these primitive brutes worshipped a god that fed on the tears of the young, so they would torture children to death, sometimes cutting their hearts out of their living bodies, to feed the sadism of their ghastly god…
Dear world, what chasm tumbling to Hades have we stumbled upon?
But again, the mood shifted once more, without warning. Once the two girls were seated, and had refused the proffered meat, the boys sat in a relaxed manner, one leaning against a tree and clasping his hands behind his head.
The older boy smiled, almost gently. “See? No need for tension…” He pronounced it tenn‐shun. “Chiefs don’t have to be angry when people do what they say. And you’re interesting, I bet we are too, once you get over this – fear I guess. You are from out there…” He gestured vaguely at the crescent moon, still embedded in the blue jewel of the sky. “…and we are from – somewhere around here…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 48
The other boy nodded sagely. “From parts unknown.”
The older boy jabbed a decisive forefinger in his direction. “Exactly. Parts unknown. A spike of history, as they say. We are like noble savages and computers meeting in the woods.” He stared at his grimy palm. “Dirty hands clasping robot fingers, I guess.” He laughed briefly, but uproariously. “And we wouldn’t even be wandering around – forever – ‘cept my dad won’t plant crops, that’s not the old ways…”
“Don’t you have any questions for us?” asked the younger boy, slightly belligerently.
Alice could see Emily swallow. “Well, uh, where are you from exactly?”
The older boy leaned forward, the light and dark of the flickering fire washing up his face. “From way outside your experience, I would bet. I would bet everything I have, up to – or down to – and including, my soul!”
Soul… Now that was a word from the old world… thought Alice.
The younger boy appeared irritated. “Stop talking in circles, you’re like a dizzy magician. Girls,” he said decisively, turning to them. “You don’t know anyone like us, do you?”
Both girls shook their heads numbly, their hearts pounding uncomfortably – almost audibly, they feared.
This satisfied him for some reason. “Good, good – as it should be. We are The Originals, we don’t put children on top, we were raised, not praised. We are not princesses, like you. We don’t expect the world to spin around us, we learn from our elders, the old ways I guess you could say. We don’t live in clouds, we don’t ride robots, we don’t – outsource our bodies, our flesh don’t mate with metal. We are fully human, in a way that…” His sudden burst of verbosity seemed to fail him, and Alice guessed that he had reached the edge of the clichés he had been fed with as a little boy. When you run out of propaganda, you run out of personality…
With sudden vehemence, the older boy said: “We just want to be left alone!”
The younger boy sighed, scratching his ear with a stick. “But we won’t be, now, will we?”
There was a long pause, pregnant with disastrous potential. Both girls had a sudden intimation that detaining them had been an impulsive action, and the ramifications of that decision were slowly becoming clear.
Emily leaned forward. “We don’t have to tell anyone, we don’t care – this was just a kind of misunderstanding I think. We can go on our way – and when people ask us how our day was, we can mention everything except this. It doesn’t really matter, we’re just like two spears flying past each other on a battlefield…” That last image clearly made no sense to her, and she closed her mouth suddenly.
The older boy wrinkled his nose. “You would – lie? To your parents?” He laughed harshly. “Is that even – allowed?”
Alice seized on the moral question, as was her habit. “If we are in possession of information, it’s not always a lie if we don’t tell it. Every morning my dad asks me how I slept – can I tell him every single detail of every single one of my dreams, every time I woke up, if I even did? Can I tell him all my loose and random thoughts – which we all get when we are in the process of waking up, and lazing and lying
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 49
in bed? We can’t ever communicate everything about us, so if we have to tell everything, I guess we’re just lying all the time, every time we open our mouth – even if we don’t speak…”
The older boy tossed a bone with several clearly visible incisor marks into the fire. The marrow began to bubble through the holes. He grunted. “Now that’s deep, which is to be expected from someone who’s been told what to think. The truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth! This ain’t a court, but you and I both know that’s all just a bunch of words, because you want to get away and tell. If you saw me unzip a flesh‐suit and show you my reptile insides, and your little daddy asked you how your little walk was, and you didn’t mention that, you would be lying through your freaking teeth! Leaving out the most important thing is lying, and I know how you would look lying to your little daddy, because you just did it to me, right now, right here!” The boy finished in a sweaty flourish of strange panting.
Wanting to break the tension of escalation, Alice jumped up. “You wanted us to get some wood, right? I assume you don’t want us to go together, we can go one at a time, I could go now…”
“Sit down, girl!” cried the older boy. “Let’s just face it, we’ve all been lying to each other, this whole time!”
The girls waited for him to continue, terrified of what he would say next – what could he mean? But he just sank into a gloomy silence, staring at the fire.
The furry animal at his feet suddenly began to squirm to life, making a pitiful screeching sound. The boy raised his bare heel and brought it down hard on the creature’s skull. The twitching and screeching stopped.
The younger boy raised his eyebrows. “You know, if we were to skin that thing, I bet these little girls would pass right out.”
The older boy laughed. “Imagine if we start skinning it, and it comes back to life under the knife, like peeling an apple that turns out to be a giant red eyeball!”
For some reason, they found this funny as well, and laughed again, heartily.
The younger boy said: “Oh, they’re waiting for the sky‐angels to swoop in with lightning and save them! Pew, pew, pew!”
Alice felt a strong compulsion to keep the conversation going under her tutelage – when left to their own devices, the minds of the boys fell in sinister directions.
“I’m guessing you don’t want to tell us your names,” she said. “I understand that – but can you tell us a little bit about yourselves? You’re right, we’ve never met anyone like you before…”
The older boy turned to her with some interest. “Oh yeah? What about us is so different?” He raised his knife in warning. “And remember now, I know what your face looks like when you lie!”
Alice’s mind frantically ran through the various corridors of possible conversations. Open criticism was out of the question; praise would be scorned, remarks on personal appearance would give offense, what on earth could she say?
“You don’t seem to care how we feel,” said Emily suddenly.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 50
The unusual sentence hung in midair, like an arrow frozen in flight.
The older boy nodded slowly, obviously considering her words in all their complexity. “I bet that’s totally new for you. Tell me what it’s like out there, where you come from.” He smiled. “It’s not a trap, I promise you. I really want to know.”
For some reason, Alice really did not want Emily to answer that question – but she herself could not think of a response fast enough.
Emily said: “Well, what do you want to know?”
The older boy scowled. “Well obviously, if I knew what I wanted to know, I wouldn’t have to ask it, now would I?”
Alice laughed shakily. “Well, I can tell you, since you want to know – and I’d like to know about your history as well, so we can figure out why we are so – different. I’m not going to talk for my friend here, but how I was raised?” Her brow furrowed, it wasn’t language that she was used to.
She spoke rapidly, to cover the trembling in her voice. “Well, my first – memory, really, wasn’t anything real, it was just a dream. I was walking through the woods – gosh, it just struck me that maybe that’s why I still like to walk through woods, haha – and I came across a giant tree, and down in the earth under the tree there was this faint glow outlining the roots, like when you hold your forearm up to the sun and the tiny hairs on the outside are lit with light – and I began to dig around the base of the tree, it was really hard to get through, but underneath was a – cave, I guess you could say, and in the middle of the cave was a treasure chest – which makes no sense, I don’t remember ever seeing one in real life. And I opened the chest, it was kind of rusty I think…”
Her story was interrupted by the older boy clapping sarcastically. He mimicked her story, conveying her accent quite accurately: “and in that treasure chest I found golden gold, the treasure of my life, and I thought I would have to look for that treasure forever, but it turns out that my life was the treasure, and I have been shiny gold ever since, and I can’t wait for some man to come and dig for my gold, under the tree, like an octopus…” He held up his hands, fingers waving madly.
Alice had no idea how to respond – she had never been mocked in her life.
“Come on, man,” said the younger boy in an aggrieved voice. “Don’t ask her a question and make fun of her like that, that’s kinda rude.”
The older boy rolled his eyes and cracked his knuckles. “Ah, tell me your life and I’ll tell you a dream… I guess I’ll ask the questions.” He turned to Emily and curled his forefinger towards him, calling her over. She hesitated, and he picked another stick out of the fire and pointed the fiery end at her. “If I wanted to hurt you, you would be hurt already. Now get over here.”
Alice felt a sudden stab of annoyance when Emily looked towards her, as if to ask permission or guidance. Alice shrugged tightly, thinking: What on earth do I know about how to deal with this?
Emily got up and walked over to the older boy, then hesitated.
“Can you move – that,” she said, her voice shaking, pointing at the mound of bloody fur at the boy’s feet.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 51
The boy followed her finger, then shrugged. Using the side of his foot, he shoved the dead gopher away.
“How do you – want me?” asked Emily.
“You can just kneel down here,” said the older boy, drawing a small square in the leaf‐scattered ground in front of him with the glowing stick. Smoke rose from the scarred earth.
Emily did as she was told – and, sickened by the scene, Alice looked at her friend, who seemed to be kneeling before a swarthy Sultan like a slave girl. She almost expected Emily to clasp her hands behind her back and lower her head forward.
Seemingly appeased by his total control, the boy leaned slightly back and rubbed his belly with a strange delicacy.
“What is your name?”
Emily gave up her syllables, which seemed horribly intimate to Alice. Emily did not ask the boy’s name in return, because that would have been to claim equality, and provoke an escalation.
“Well, Emily, were you ever hit as a child?”
She blinked. “Well gosh no, of course not!”
“What about being yelled at? Anyone ever raise their voice against you – other than tonight of course?”
“No, that’s never happened. Why would it?”
The older boy paused, then laughed suddenly, turning to his companion. “You know, I was just gonna say to her that it is me who is asking the questions, like I’m some dumb villain in a fireside story!” He let loose an exaggeratedly‐evil giggle.
The two boys laughed, then the older boy turned back to Emily.
“Ever done anything stupid?”
“I – don’t know what you mean.”
The boy smiled without humour. “Well, for instance, me and my buddy here are currently in the process of doing something very, very stupid, and will get in a lot of trouble for it.” He gestured at Alice. “Your friend or sister or whatever here had her little dream of going through the woods and finding gold under a tree. Well. We will get the opportunity to walk through the woods and be forced to pick out a switch to get hit with – not so big that it breaks a bone, not so small that it doesn’t hurt at all – it’s a trick, let me tell you. So: have you ever made a stupid mistake, done something stupid?”
“No, I can’t think of anything. I don’t think so,” murmured Emily, in a near‐perfect voice of subjugation.
The younger boy asked incredulously: “So you’ve never been called stupid?”
Emily shook her head.
The irritation of the two boys appeared to be rising, but Alice could not figure out why.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 52
The older boy said: “So: either you’ve never done anything stupid, or you’ve done stupid things, but never been called stupid, which means that everyone around you is lying to you.” He leaned forward, his right hand still gripping the cooling stick. “Tell me this, Emily – are you perfect?”
She paused for a moment, and Alice could almost feel the onrushing tide of scalding honesty.
Emily said simply: “I feel perfect as I am.”
The older boy’s eyes narrowed. “What does that mean?” he murmured.
Emily did not hesitate. “I don’t violate the non‐aggression principle. I’m reasonably kind. I stand up where needed. I don’t do anything malicious, or mean. I wouldn’t…” Some ancient instinct slammed the door on her remaining words.
However, the damage by implication was done.
The older boy leaned over her and murmured: “You’d never punish trespassers, is that it?”
She refused to answer, staring down. He spun his glowing stick in an orange ‘O’, then gripped the middle and used the cooler end to lift up her chin.
“No, I wouldn’t. Most conflict is just misunderstanding.” A sudden tear trickled down from her left eye, and her voice wobbled. “We didn’t know this land was owned, or claimed – there’s no record of it anywhere that I… And there’s no need for punishment – in the worst case, maybe ostracism, but I’ve not heard of that in… Why would anyone want to do this?” She turned to Alice pleadingly, her voice catching.
Her innocent and open question seemed to make the boys uneasy for a moment.
The younger boy said softly: “Come on, we should…”
“It’s too late,” said the older boy out of the corner of his mouth, as if that somehow magically meant the girls could not hear him. “It’s like what Dad says about telling a story: if you’re in, and you get lost, and it doesn’t work, you just have to commit and keep going.”
He turned towards Emily again. “You came out here for new experience, right?”
She nodded.
Quick as a flash, he dropped his fire stick and slapped her hard across her face.
He said: “Well that was stupid.”
It was so totally unexpected – and unprecedented in the girl’s lives – that Alice jumped up and leapt forward, without even thinking, and glared at the older boy. She was too terrified to touch him.
She said: “Why don’t you pick on someone your own size?”
The younger boy was moving towards the pair, but the older boy shot him a look that stopped him in his tracks. The older boy curled his fist and punched Alice full in the stomach.
She doubled over, but wasn’t in a great amount of pain – she just knew instinctively that her only chance to avoid escalation was to pretend to be more hurt than she actually was.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 53
“Hoo boy,” giggled the younger boy, in nervous and half‐terrified excitement.
The older boy was unabashed. “That’s about enough chitty‐chat. Go and get some wood, Emily. I’m still hungry.”
The strange and uneasy air of intellectualism that had dominated the first part of the interaction completely vanished.
The boys ate the second gopher in silence, seeming to forget about the girls, and talked in obscure terms – coded words, it seemed – about fairly incomprehensible things; some sport they had dominated an enemy in, some girl they had humiliated by asking her to meet them far away, and refusing to show up – everything was about primitive status and victory and subjugation. They were untroubled by the effects of their actions, had no ability to negotiate – except to fool people – and laughed at suffering. Their world was divided, without any grays – and people in their stories leapt back and forth from good to bad without any transition, almost like teleporting.
The girls were frightened and confused – they had no idea what to do with being hurt and ignored, since that had never happened in their lives before – what did it mean? If they were forgotten, and not needed, could they just leave? They exchanged glances and found some relief in pretending that they could leave at any time – but when it came time to actually move, with many an eye‐motion from one to the other, their will and courage faltered, because the sun had set, and if they were suddenly commanded to stay, and night was falling – well, their imagination failed them, which was perhaps even more terrifying than having a certain answer as to the path of their captivity.
Were the boys trying to impress them by reciting stories of dominance? Alice took some comfort in that idea, because it meant that the boys needed something from them, some kind of respect or admiration or obscure approval. This meant that they had at least a tiny bit of leverage in what seemed like an increasingly desperate situation.
And then, incomprehensibly, they heard the tolling of a distant bell, and the boys got up, turned their backs to the girls, and urinated on the fire, putting it out.
The older boy turned around, tugged at an imaginary ear, said: “Good luck” – and then turned and marched in sturdy steps off through the bushes – and both boys disappeared.
Chapter 7 
It was hard to believe that the boys were actually gone. The two girls stared at each other in the growing dark, hardly daring to breathe – although Emily’s faint honk‐honk could be heard in the slightly laboured silence.
She raised her eyebrow at Alice, wordlessly asking: do you think it’s safe?
Alice shrugged. She tried to listen hard for footfalls on the leafy ground, but her heart was pounding so loudly that it coursed a faintly roaring thud‐thud through her ears. Realizing that she had never really listened to a forest before, she was aware of the trickling of the water, the slow creak of the trees, the whispering dragging of the leaves – and her own heart of course, again and again...
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 54
An oddly legal phrase flew into her mind, probably from listening to her father’s business conversations: There has to be a statute of limitations…
She frowned – sometimes her own mind could be puzzling. Then she realized that the phrase meant that the boys could not be circling back forever – if they were lying in wait, or hiding, at some point they would have to come out, or be assumed to have gone.
She almost snapped her fingers in strange relief, remembering the endless games of tag and hide‐and‐ go‐seek she played as a girl – it was just for this kind of situation. She vividly remembered hiding in a closet while her friends looked for her. It felt like forever, but she was afraid to come out, for fear that they were listening for her, rather than just looking for her. Eventually she had fallen asleep, and had been dragged awake by her mother, who had been looking for her for over half an hour, demanding that the house give up her location – but the house didn’t know where she was either, so her mother had been forced to look by hand (her mother had used that odd phrase, which had made Alice giggle: “look by hand” – she could only think of her mother’s hand with an eye in its palm).
You can only wait so long – at some point, the game is over, and you have to come out...
Plus, it wasn’t like they had all the time in the world – their emergency bot lay in pieces, night was rising – and apparently they were still trespassers on the lands of crazy and evil people.
Stepping as delicately as a low‐gravity ballerina, Alice glided over to her friend, and whispered in her ear:
“We have to go.”
Honk‐honk. “We don’t have any light.”
One of the things Alice suddenly loved about her friend was that she did not ask if Alice had a light, but just stated an obvious fact.
Holding Emily’s elbow, Alice pointed at the place where the path began to wind down the mountain. Slowly, gingerly, they began to climb down, accelerating as they realized how fast the light was fading.
Alice felt a stab of utterly unexpected irritation – rage, almost – when her left foot dislodged a few pebbles, which went clattering down the mountainside, summoning devils in her mind’s eye.
“Sorry,” she whispered in agony.
In the darkness, she saw Emily’s hair shake: it doesn’t matter.
The climb down – which seemed endless – turned into a terrible game of “red light/green light,” due to the clouds constantly scudding across the face of the faintly illuminating moon. The dim electric blue outlines of the natural world came and went, forcing them to stop and wait.
Alice suddenly understood the draw of moon‐worship – for those who hunted at night, or travelled in the dark, the moon was a necessary god of possible sight.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 55
As time passed, she realized that she should look upon the start‐stop staccato passage of their descent with relief, because it sliced the time so decisively that she barely noticed its passage – it was only the growing tension in her lower back that indicated how long it had been.
It was only when they got to the bottom of the mountain – which was pretty hard to measure, since the slope only gradually went from 45° to close to horizontal – that they realized that their frantic stop‐and‐ go descent had been driven by a desperate emotional need to get off the mountain, the source of the crime, rather than because there was some plan that could only be achieved on relatively flat ground. They were trying to get away, rather than go towards.
Emily panted: “Sorry – I need to rest.”
Somehow, Alice knew that her friend had considered saying: “We need to rest,” but probably thought it would be presumptuous.
They stepped a little off the vague path, and found a wide broken tree stump they could lean against. A chill breeze wandered through them, stroking their bone marrow with icicle fingers.
Emily jumped up, brushing at the backs of her thighs. “Gah! Creepy crawlies!”
Alice got up too. Nature forbade them rest.
“It’s only pretty if you keep moving,” she said.
Emily burst into tears. “Man alive, I wanted to push their faces into the fire!”
In the dark, Alice nodded, uselessly. “It is like a weird calculation you didn’t even know you could do. Like: do we hit them, push them off the edge, set fire to them and run – stuff we’ve never ever thought of, or even...” She took a deep breath, putting her hand on her friend’s shoulder. “Look, whatever we did, we did it right – although I hate that you got hit, I never thought I would have to see that in my life, and I’m so sorry that happened, but we are here, and we are okay, and it really could have gone in some totally different direction – I don’t even know what that means, but I’m pretty sure it could’ve been worse. You did really well, and it’s tougher, because you are smaller than me, and you couldn’t run, because of the asthma.”
Emily smiled through her sobs. “Yeah, sucks to my ass‐mar...”
Alice laughed shakily. “You remember that too? It was kind of like that, wasn’t it? Except we didn’t end up half‐drowning in endless descriptions of sunlight on leaves.”
Emily took a deep breath. “I’m not even that upset, which is – weird I think. I sometimes wondered – I don’t know if you ever did – what I would do in a dangerous situation – and now I know. I kneel, I get hit, I half‐run, burst into tears, and giggle. It’s like the badness doesn’t reach too deep into me, if that makes any sense.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 56
“Yeah, totally.” Alice cocked her head to one side. “For me, it was like they were just bald dangerous apes, not even people as we know them, not open to reason – but really weirdly complicated, I couldn’t figure out what their motives or mood changes were half the time – or more than half the time. I don’t get that...” She waved her hand up and down in the dark. “...crazy up and down mood stuff.”
Emily took a deep breath, then coughed, with a last fading honk. “Yeah, well we will have plenty of time to talk it over in the next few days, and I imagine your dad is going to get totally involved – and my dad too – but we’ve got to figure out what we’re going to do now. I ate most of my snacks on the way up – I have some crumbs and leftovers, but water is going to be a thing, we can probably follow a stream sound if we can catch it, but – well, how on earth are we going to get home?” Her voice caught towards the end of her sentence.
Alice said: “Like most things in life, it comes down to the programming. What is the general programming for an emergency bot going down?” She put three fingers to her wrinkling forehead. “I really should know this stuff, but it’s so easy to take it all for granted...”
Emily stared at the ground. “I don’t know either – I hate to say, but I wish a boy were here, he would probably know, they love to figure that stuff out for no reason.”
“Well, there’s a reason now...”
They stood in silence for a moment. A wolf howled at a great distance.
Alice half‐forced herself to speak. “Well, I don’t think there’s much point going anywhere now. We were supposed to tell the emergency bot to get the sky‐taxi 45 minutes before we were done. It matters what happens when the emergency bot goes down – but I don’t know – as I said… It would be nice if it summoned the sky‐taxi in that case – but in that case, it would already be here…”
The thought hit them both at the same time, and their hands found each other.
“We have to go back,” whispered Emily.
They gazed up at the frowning forehead of the dark mountain, glowering above them like a charcoal smudge of monstrous intimidation.
After an endless climb, they crept to the clearing beside the chirpy burbling waterfall. Alice felt almost offended that nature cared so little for their upset.
The sky‐taxi was waiting patiently for them, over the broken remnants of the emergency bot, and they piled in – brushing their legs and behinds so they could finally sit without fear of insects – and mostly collapsed on the white pews.
They barely spoke on the way home, knowing that events were now set in motion that would change their lives for the foreseeable future.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 57
As it turned out, the “foreseeable future” meant: the rest of their natural lives.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 58
Chapter 8 
The meetings were rarely serious – not lighthearted or frivolous – but not grim either.
This was an exception.
Alice’s father David was a tall man with side‐swept thinning sandy hair, an air of brisk decisiveness and a forceful momentum of energy that pulled others in his wake like barely‐prepared water skiers.
“To me, this is not negotiable,” he said to the assembled faces around the black conference table. “I know it was my daughter – and I get that makes me look less objective – but I’m approaching this from a totally moral, UPB perspective. If people want to stay the hell out of our society, that’s up to them – free will, no problem. But – at least according to my daughter and Emily – these were children out there – teenagers, sure, but not yet adults – and they don’t have any choice in the situation, and the choices their parents are making will keep them out of the Civ forever. I mean, can you imagine what kind of Scans these kids would have – dark spots and trauma all over the place, black holes… No one will insure them, no one will enforce their contracts, no one will even rent to them or sell them anything – they’ll stay ostracized, am I wrong?”
Todd, a slightly portly man of a hundred and thirty – with a mildly irritating habit of clasping his fingertips together and speaking softly over the laced pink spiderweb of his hands – spoke slowly. “My friend, it might not be an NAP violation – wait, wait, I get that hitting the girls was – and the threatened confinement reported is – but maybe the boy, in the chaos of his upbringing, thought it was a matter of self‐defense – and maybe the girls misinterpreted a strong invitation for some kind of confinement… I’m not saying this is the case – or even close to it – but we don’t know for sure, and we certainly haven’t had any chance to cross‐examine anyone out there. The girls met their outliers, which is startling for all of us – it’s why I don’t travel beyond the Civ – and they came home a little wiser, but none the worse for wear in any permanent way. Are you suggesting that we go in with military force and grab the kids?”
David sat heavily in a chair and gazed around the long table. The dozen heads of the major Dispute Resolution Organizations stared back at him, and he could see the curiosity and excitement in their eyes. The situation was a great deal different from their usual days of poring over the minutiae of contractual obligations, looking for escape clauses or enforcement porosity.
Alan – an extraordinarily talented young man of only forty – leaned forward and rapped his knuckles softly on the flawless surface of the obsidian table. “We have never had anything like this before – well, maybe the older ones here, but not me for sure. It’s like a bunch of wild animals out there, an insurgency of history or something like that. I hate the idea of the kids being mistreated, of course – that goes without saying – but what are we going to do with them? If we go in and bribe or bully or...” His voice faltered, as if he were about to utter an obscenity. “...use force to get those kids out, then what? We all know what happens after the age of five or six, if the kids have been – brutalized before, or neglected – and what did he say? About witches?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 59
An older man coughed, waving his hands. “No, not witches – switches. It’s an ancient custom, six, seven hundred years old, from the deep South in Old America. Kids would go and have to – pick out a branch that their fathers would beat them with.”
A bald man exclaimed: “Man alive they were apes back then!”
A middle‐aged woman smiled grimly. “Hey, no insulting apes. They’re just animals.”
David drummed his fingertips on the table. “Ok… Big perspective on the problem, pull‐back time. Everyone in society is vetted, everyone who goes astray is corrected – except for this mystery group out there on Smudge Mountain… I’m sure there are more, but that’s all we know about – they’ve never been part of society, and they cannot be ostracized, because clearly they don’t like us very much, and they are obviously mistreating the hell out of their children, which creates the usual violence and addiction and promiscuity – and with that promiscuity comes additional babies, all of whom are going to be treated badly, and we have a potential – I hate to use this term, but it’s kind of like a social cancer on the edges out there. Their birth rate is probably way higher than ours – this won’t be the last time we collide. My daughter and her friend were like – a warning. We are going to have to do something. The Cataclysms were caused by everyone just – kicking the can down the road.” His face was dark with passion. “We don’t do that. Not anymore. Never again!”
The old woman sighed. “You know we can’t fix the older kids – you recognize that, right? Maybe the younger ones – but if they’re bonded with their mothers – however twisted that bond might be – then the trauma of separation will probably undo any benefits we try to bring to the situation.”
The bald man said: “It’s like people before the Cataclysms finding a pocket of slaveowners right in their own backyard…”
Alan replied: “Yeah, but back then they would imagine they would know what to do – but all their answers were just violence. We don’t have that – disadvantage.”
There was a silence for a moment around the room, as everyone’s mental musculature strained at the weighty problem.
An older man with sleepy eyes said: “Maybe it’s just one family, or just a few… We might not even know where they are – those boys might’ve been hunting right at the edge of their range.”
The elderly woman replied: “If it’s a small genetic sample, then inbreeding might solve our problem.”
David frowned, flexing his fingers. “Come on people, we can’t just cross our fingers and hope that the problem goes away on its own – this isn’t how we got the modern world, how we survived the Cataclysms, how we sustain the Civ.” He sighed. “We’re just going to have to fast‐forward our own history, with this new clan. Bring them here, teach them peaceful parenting, find a way to accelerate their development…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 60
The elderly woman snorted. “Oh come on David – you can’t imagine they’ve never heard of peaceful parenting! No – they’re out there in the middle of who‐knows‐where because they want to keep abusing their kids. These – boys did seem to know something about us, how we live – weren’t they complaining about our machines and everything? So the adults of the tribe know how we do things – they just want to stay out there so they can bully and beat their own children – we simply cannot let that happen, that’s not an option, that can’t be on the table!”
Silence all around. They were only a few generations into peaceful parenting, so they still felt a vestigial urge to avoid problems and defer decisions.
David checked his notes and said: “So – combined, we have 345 security officers. First thing we need to do is find this clan, count their numbers, get a sense of their mobility and structure and – weaponry, of course. They could be Stone Age by this time, if they’re still stuck before the Cataclysms. They might be underground, they might be on the constant move, it might be very hard to find them – but we have to try, of course.” He stood up decisively. “Come on, if you or I – or any of us – were stuck out there as kids picking out our own sticks to be beaten with, wouldn’t we want the modern cavalry to ride to our rescue?”
There was uneasy silence.
David fixed his eyes on each face in turn. “What if they had hit one of your children, or even worse – captured one, which they might be planning, for all we know? No, we have to save those kids, we have to fix the situation, we have to make sure this abuse never happens again!” He smiled grimly. “We should be pleased, that there are still moral crusades to be had in this perfect world of ours.”
He leaned forward on the table.
“Everyone always argued, throughout all of history, that utopia would be boring. Well, let’s prove them wrong, at least this time!”
Chapter 9 
Various high‐level meetings were convened among the heads of the DRO’s, who coordinated with the mapping experts – who themselves sent out a series of drones looking for the Clan, as they had become known. The DRO leaders met with the security teams and reminded everyone that violence was absolutely the last resort, because it was so economically inefficient – as well as immoral – to initiate the use of force.
David in particular went over the Use of Force guidelines repeatedly, drilling the assembled security teams on the steps, ticking them off on his fingers:
“I know you know all this, but humour me. First, we have contact; second, negotiation. Third, encirclement. Fourth – disabling Clan members. Fifth, self‐defense – or in this case, defense on behalf of the children. No one – and I repeat, absolutely no one – is authorized to use force, except in an extremity
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 61
of self‐defense, when all other options have been exhausted. Now, I know that this is an unusual situation, which is why we are providing additional training. First of all, the Clan – or Clans, for all we know – have no friends or relatives in the Civ, so ostracism probably means nothing to them – it seems that they have voluntarily self‐ostracized themselves already, we don’t yet know how or from where – which means that our most potent weapon for UPB is – well, impotent, at the moment, or at least in this situation. I imagine that they have no desire to participate in the Civ – they are opposed to it on principle. We don’t know what kind of weaponry they have, but nothing major has been reported missing from any armory, including the major weapons such as bio‐targeting and sky‐laser controls. All the stuff we use to keep ourselves secure is still secured. They might have old‐fashioned guns – what some of you refer to as bang‐sticks – and of course, going even further back in time, they could have bows and arrows or spears – and I know that sounds ridiculous, but it’s nothing to laugh at. They are silent, deadly, hard to track – no heat signatures of course – and can theoretically pierce your shields.
“So first, we make contact – and second, I will go in unarmed to negotiate, although frankly I don’t think it will go too well. The more primitive the tribe, the more control they want to keep over their children; it’s the only way to keep that tribal mindset going. So they’re not going to give up their kids, and they are not going to want to reform their culture into anything civilized, so I’m going in as more of a fact‐finding mission… Don’t get me wrong, I hope I can get the information peacefully, but I think we have to be realistic about our chances.”
It seemed to take forever to find the Clan – they obviously knew something about the surveillance techniques available to the Civ, and had become adept at dodging or undermining them.
Based on their knowledge of traditional hunter‐gatherer tribes, the DROs estimated that the Clan probably had at least twenty families. Calorie calculations were put together, and larger animals in the area sky‐tagged with tracking gems.
Deer would stop moving, and drones would be sent out – only to find coyotes or wolves eating the carcass. Close‐up footage was reviewed, to see if any larger portions of meat were missing, compared to the consumption rates of the scavengers and predators, but the results were inconclusive.
Eventually, one deer stopped moving briefly during the day, and then began moving in an erratic fashion, even over gullies and canyons – and it was found that the tracking gem had been removed from under the skin, and attached to a crow.
“They are on to us,” reported David at the third weekly meeting.
The bald man said: “Is it possible that they have cloaking of some kind?”
David sighed. “Well – anything is possible of course, that’s not a well‐framed question… As always, it comes down to the question of whether they are principled, or just cunning. If they are principled, they will reject cloaking on philosophical grounds – if they are cunning, they will use whatever comes to hand to maintain their lifestyle.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 62
The very old man said: “I don’t suppose we have anything to bribe them with – other than their independence, which we won’t provide. Bribing is always cheaper than fighting.”
David shook his head. “The Civ doesn’t have anything to offer them – they’re kind of our inverse image; violent culture, no technology, brutalizing children. I certainly wouldn’t put it past them – I really do respect their intelligence – to have left one or two members behind to mess with our scanning and tracking gems, while the rest have moved on to some even more remote location.”
The elderly woman said: “It’s been a while since I studied this ancient stuff, but was it not considered at one time that criminals had a habit of returning to the scene of their crime? Some old Russian story, can’t remember… Do we have surveillance on Smudge Mountain, where your daughter and her friend were – held?”
David frowned. “No, we don’t – but that’s a great point. Long odds, but worth a try. I’ll see it done.”
The bald man wrinkled his nose and coughed delicately. “I hate to say it, but we have to be frank in this kind of situation, there could be hundreds or thousands of children’s happiness at stake…”
David spread his hands. “It’s an open forum, speak your mind.”
“Well, I can’t help but think that part of keeping the two girls captive was a form of – mating display, or a twisted expression of romantic interest. We see some of this in the statist regions; the men there all feel inadequate, relative to our own alpha power, so to speak. When they come in contact with Civ women, they tend to strut their physical prowess – usually intimidation or captivity or something like that. Classic leveling up.”
The older woman narrowed her eyes. “They are unwilling to become civilized, so they push around women. Not much makes me really angry, but that…”
David frowned. “If I take a couple of steps down the road of this conversation, it would seem that there is a general air of suggestion – not putting it on anyone in particular – that it might be worth using my daughter and her friend as – bait?”
The bald man’s cheeks were red. “I can take that... It was me, and – yes, I was wondering if the two boys wanted to provoke a more primitive feminine response with their more primitive masculine – behaviour. We all know this – I’ve seen it. Once you come in contact with Civ females – or males – then the grubby members of your own tribe seem much less appealing. The Civ ‘spoils’ people – that’s their opinion about our use of technology; it’s probably also true about what happens to their view of their own women.”
Emily’s father – whose name was Gregory – startled everyone by pounding his fist on the table. They had almost forgotten he was there, at the end.
“Technology got us into this – what are you saying, just use children to lure these painted savages into striking? More technology? Sky‐lasers, neon nets, what – time machines next, to accelerate their
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 63
evolution? Look – this tribe has been out there for generations – maybe they came from here, who knows – leave them the hell alone!”
David raised his eyebrows. “Why do you think that – technology got us into this? The girls were hiking…”
“Delivered by a sky‐taxi! Guarded by a bot that was taken out by a rock!”
“No!” said David, raising his voice slightly. “That was all – you.”
“What?”
“I’m not going to blame you for this – it was so totally unexpected and unpredictable, but don’t you blame technology for your free will decision to let the girls travel wherever they wanted. You and your wife were the adults in charge of the children. Again, I’m not blaming you for what happened – I let my daughter travel widely – but you really need to accept responsibility for the choices that you made, and not blame technology, or a rock, or a slingshot.”
Gregory’s dark face flashed with anger and shame. “I’m not mad at technology – I’m angry with myself, for failing my own values. I reject technology, and then just handed it over to my daughter like a piece of candy…”
The old woman said: “Who knows what is good or bad?”
Gregory turned on her sharply. “Excuse me?”
“Oh, don’t give me that ‘she’s violating UPB’ stare of uncomprehending horror. I’m talking about what happened on the mountain.” She gestured at everyone around the table. “The girls are unhurt, and this confinement and violence and bullying gives us the chance to rescue hundreds of children from abuse.” She turned to David. “I hope you are reminding Alice – and you, Emily – that enormous good will come out of their brief suffering. That this is not all some unending disaster. We are convened here to save those lost children – and we only know they exist because of those two girls.” Her eyes narrowed. “To put it another way: knowing that they will save hundreds of children from physical and mental torture, would those two brave girls have still chosen to climb that mountain? I think they would.”
David nodded slowly, curious and unoffended. “Wise words, thank you…” He raised his head. “Even if I were willing to use these girls – my own daughter – as bait, we wouldn’t even know where to place them. Having them sit around the waterfall on Smudge Mountain would seem like a rather – useless waste of time. The odds of the boys returning are tiny – and even if they did, I’m sure they would just sacrifice themselves for the Clan by getting captured and refusing to give up any details – even if they had any details of the location of the Clan, which I wouldn’t give them if I ran it.”
The bald man nodded soberly. “True, true. But we could get a lot of information just from scanning them – health, of course, and most importantly: mental development, presence of empathy, possibility of evolution, you know...”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 64
David said: “I’m pretty sure that we don’t need a Scan to figure out their level of empathy and mental development. As for the possibility of evolution, well that’s the one knot that we just can’t unravel, as we all well know. Maybe if they were younger – five and under – we could work with neuroplasticity to bring them along – but then they wouldn’t have been much of a danger to Alice and Emily.”
“It could be the kind of proof we need to authorize more aggressive action – I’m referring to Scans…”
David leaned forward. “Don’t you trust me, Lou?”
The man’s cheeks grew redder. “What do you mean?”
David’s voice was low. “My daughter is held hostage on a mountaintop, she tells me what happened, I’m telling you what happened – and we all know what that means regarding empathy and development. There is a straight line between the events, my daughter telling me, and me telling you – either the events didn’t happen, my daughter lied, or I am lying, or some combination... Do you really need a Scan?”
Lou held his gaze and shrugged. “I have no problem with your passion – I would feel the same way in your muk‐luks – but we can’t trot you out to get more general cooperation across the Civ every time we need support for this. Everyone understands the Scans though. They are more objective, less flavoured, less personal.”
David paused. “You’re right, thank you.”
The elderly woman said: “Just put a Shield on your daughter, nothing can touch her.”
David grimaced. “That’s pretty simplistic. She could still be roped, taken underground, held underwater – arrows might get through – I don’t know, my mind doesn’t exactly work that way – but just because she would be immune to rocks and lasers and bios doesn’t mean she can’t be harmed – or scared, for that matter.”
The ancient man said: “How are the girls doing in the aftermath of this? I guess I’ve always been curious how kids raised peacefully would deal with trauma.”
The two fathers exchanged knowing looks. David sighed. “I’m not sure you want to know...”
Chapter 10
Violence creates a strange intimacy; violence strips away the personality to the essential animal, which few people ever get to see outside of sex or panic.
Alice was drawn to return to Smudge Mountain – this is a kind of ‘mastery over violence’ that sometimes compels victims to revisit the scene of the crime. Alice listened with rapt attention – while pretending to be distracted by her holo‐gloves – as her father reported to her mother the difficulties they had finding the Clan.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 65
She thought often of the boys – particularly the elder one. It was not a sickness, it was not obsessive, but her primitive brain had been activated to the presence of danger, of predators, and it circled this new knowledge like a shark spirals a wounded fish.
One night, she realized that she would have to… She laughed silently.
“Have to…” Both my parents would roll their eyes at me giving up my free will so easily – or under the memory of such compulsion, whatever…
She realized she would have to return to the Mountain, to the scene of the crime – so talked about in the Civ. She used the surveillance globe to examine it, and saw the giant clusters of eyes and ears as the VR people visited the site of such a violation. However, that trailed off over time, as the drama of the confinement and the resulting search began to fade from people’s minds. The news also kept reminding people of the rarity of such an attack on children.
I could always go ‘incognito,’ – privacy is so important to us – so no one would see me...
But – how to get there? Privacy is the Civ, she had often been told – the right to remain free from view, personal to your own life, was the essence of civilization. Of course, this didn’t always apply to children – who had more rights and privileges than any prior civilization (in other words, this was the first civilization) – but Alice did generally agree to inform her parents where she was going.
She thought long and hard about disobeying her parents – it felt surreal, almost supernatural. There was a kind of implicit contract between them – she was treated well, she treated them well. They didn’t lie to her, she didn’t lie to them. They kept their word…
She had never really thought about disobeying them before, because they weren’t authorities in that sense – they were in charge, they didn’t control or bully her, they were just reasonably consistent, and…
When she was very young – the memory came flooding back as she touched her foot to the boundaries of obedience – she had broken a promise to her father about candy.
He had nodded, from his high perch of size and wisdom. (When she was very little, Alice had looked up at him, not knowing the difference between the top of his head and the floating clouds, and thought that the clouds were a kind of crown that wrapped around his mind, like a hazy chandelier.)
“So – we don’t need to keep our word anymore, is that it?” he asked gently.
“No!”
“Do you remember that I had promised to take you swimming tomorrow?”
She nodded.
“Do you like swimming?”
Nod.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 66
“You feel happy about swimming tomorrow?”
Nod.
“If I break my promise, and we don’t go swimming, you’ll be sad..?”
Nod.
“And will you feel as happy the next time I promise you something good?”
She shook her head.
Her father took her hand. “It’s totally fine that you took the candy. It’s natural. But I won’t have higher standards than you. That would mean I will lose, just about every time. You really want me to keep my word when I make a promise to you, right?”
Nod.
“That’s how I feel about your promises. Either we both keep our promises, or we don’t have to. Which do you want?”
Alice remembered a tear trickling down her cheek. “Let’s keep them.”
Her father smiled. “I agree. Just remember that there is an animal inside of you, and an animal inside of me. And that animal just wants stuff, and doesn’t really care about truth or promises or goodness or anything like that – and it’s part of us, we shouldn’t just throw it out, because that would be like throwing out a finger or a toe.”
She had smiled.
“We are mammals, you know that – but we are also angels, and that is the most real part of us. The angels in us really care about truth and goodness and promises, and are willing to give up candy for the sake of trust – and also, because trust will get you more candy than breaking your promises. If you break your promise, and eat candy, we can’t have it in the house, so you won’t get any at all. If you keep your word, and don’t eat candy when you say you won’t, we can have it in the house, so you get some. Does that make sense?”
Nod.
Hug.
Candy.
Swimming.
Laughter.
Joy.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 67
But I never made him a promise – them a promise – to never go back to the Mountain...
As she said the words in her mind, they faltered and faded away, their legitimacy collapsing under the weight of the certain knowledge that breaking an implicit promise without explicit communication was just about the worst thing...
She had to go, but she didn’t want to disobey – and it was strange, that the word “disobey” had only really emerged in her mind since that night on the Mountain. She had never really thought of obeying her parents, or her society – or any adult for that matter. She did what she preferred other people to do; she kept her word and didn’t yell at people or – it was hard to even imagine, hit them. It would be horrible to be on the receiving end of these things, so why would she do them?
Alice had heard stories of other children – babies, very rare, and no one close to her of course – who had failed their Scans, and society had leapt into action.
One kid she met on her travels – in a no‐bot neighbourhood – had whispered about what happened when her Scan had been only on the border of empathy.
The Scans were up in the air, and three doctors were present, gesturing and rotating the three‐ dimensional image.
The head doctor said to her parents: “This is your baby’s brain – thanks for the Scan – and as you can see, this part of the brain which is supposed to be where the empathy is developing is quite dark, like a cave. If we spin it here, and here, we can see that the brain development is just not happening as it should, and this is a certain path to a dangerous – and probably destructive – adulthood. As you know, children are kind of ‘grow and release’ creatures. You have total privacy to raise your child as you see fit, but of course everyone in society is going to have to live with the products of your parenting, and you have one child kind of on the edge, and another that is not developing empathy in any meaningful way at all. Now we are a wealthy society, as you know, but children without empathy grow into adults that cost about 5 to 10 times more than they ever produce – and who is responsible for that expense? Certainly not your baby himself, of course – it is you as parents – and us as the more generalized society – that is responsible for this dark cave in the brain where your baby’s heart should be, so to speak. Whatever is happening in your home is crippling your baby’s ability to grow mirror neurons – the parts of the brain that allow us to step into somebody else’s shoes, and feel what they feel. As you know, the Civ is based on empathy, and your baby won’t be insurable if this continues. What that means – I’m sure you’ve reviewed the contracts in detail, but we do have to spell it out for legal reasons – what that means is that when your baby grows up and does something destructive (and you will notice that here we are saying not if, but when) you will be responsible for the full costs and restitution of that destruction. When your child assaults another child, you will be fully responsible. When your child steals, you will be fully responsible. If your child becomes a thief, a rapist, or a murderer, you will be held fully responsible. If your child becomes an addict, or promiscuous, or sickly, you will pay the bills. Because you are responsible for your child’s development – if you raise a child without empathy, you
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 68
will be held responsible for that child’s crimes all the way through his adulthood. I’m sure that you don’t want to live with that kind of tension – that you could lose all your savings, your capacity to enter into contracts, and be utterly ghosted by society, when he does something impulsive and destructive.
“That is the bad news – the good news is that your baby is only… five months old. We see here that he missed his Scan at six weeks – which really undermined your Contract Rating, by the way, which is why your rent went up 25% – but you have brought him in now, which is great – he is young enough that this can be resolved almost completely. You need to tell me – us – what is going on in the home that is failing your child. I’m guessing it’s more to do with neglect then physical or verbal abuse, since the hippocampus is not enlarged. Is there something preventing you from holding and cuddling your baby? What about breast‐feeding and maintaining eye contact, and mirroring emotions – you know all of these things, you maintained your Contract Rating by taking parenting classes – five years ago, it seems, with a slight refresher last year. So what’s going on, we really need to help, don’t feel bad – something is happening that is unexpected and largely unknown, and we are absolutely here to help you solve this problem.”
There were reports of stony stares and curt replies and angry protestations of perfect parenting. Complaints were made that the Scan was defective, the children were fine, the doctors were colluding, they just made money by pretending children were broken – the DRO was corrupt, double‐dealing, conflict of interest, hatred of the parents for some reason – the full litany of paranoid justifications ran through the room.
“You have no proof of any of this,” the head doctor replied. “And your contract with us clearly spells out that we have the right to subject you to a noninvasive and perfectly safe Scan at our own discretion. Just so you know, this has only happened – what, five times over the last year? It is incredibly rare, which is one of the reasons why you chose us as your DRO – we don’t take this decision lightly, and I for one hate to force it on you, but – oh, I really don’t know how to say this, because it won’t land well for you at all, given your state of mind, but you are not being rational at the moment, and we don’t know why. We reviewed your history, and your parents were very good, you had solid empathy Scans at six weeks, three months, six months, one year, five years – all the way to adulthood. You haven’t come in for your checkups for the last – two years, but you paid the penalties, and that’s fine I guess. But your contract clearly states that while your children are your responsibility, they don’t belong to you, because they grow up to have massive effects on society as a whole. We didn’t become a peaceful society without enforcing peaceful parenting – that is the big difference between us and everything that came became before of course. Sorry, I’m lecturing – you will both need to submit to Scans. Other consequences will accrue as well. We cannot return your children to your home under the current circumstances, because their lack of empathy – if it continues – will bounce back on us all. As you know, we keep our rates so low because crime is almost nonexistent. We can’t allow for the development of a criminal mind – for moral, as well as practical, economic reasons.”
Protests, threats, abuse, attempted violence – security was called, the parents were sedated, and the Scans were done.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 69
Alice knew something of the terrible treatment of children in the past. She had heard of societies pathologically obsessed with various bigotries such as racism, sexism, homophobia – but which didn’t even have a word – or a concept – of childism.
This was truly incomprehensible – as incomprehensible as the owning of slaves was to those five hundred years ago, she imagined.
“Everything starts in the home” was written and discussed continually – it was a central theme of all of the books and shows she consumed as a child; it was a constant topic of conversation among adults, and between adults and children.
“Think of a journey from here to Alpha Centauri,” her uncle had once said to her, taking a stylus and rotating it slightly. “If you change the starting position by a tiny bit, you can end up missing it by an entire light year.”
Society was an inverted pyramid – everything broad that happened to adults started as a tiny point in infancy. Alice was trained to view people as leaves on a tree – the twigs and branches and trunk and roots were their entire history; they were just the effect of everything that had happened before, from the seed onward.
Her father had said: “We think we are judging people, when we are really judging how they were parented – their parents, really.”
In the distant, nightmarish past, children had been regularly beaten (they called it ‘spanking,’ which she was not familiar with, but it was explained to her that the word existed because people didn’t like to say the word ‘beating’). Children were assaulted, neglected, malnourished, confined in terrifying child‐ prisons where they were indoctrinated to hate themselves and each other... They had no practical rights, no weight in society, no say in how they lived – and no one and nothing was looking out for them, making sure that they were doing well, developing properly…
Her uncle had whispered of this one night, when he came to check in on a sleepover, and Alice was the only girl awake, and they fell into an easy starlit conversation.
“Back then, it was so bizarre. You’ve heard of the age of slavery, which was basically every society across the world throughout all of history, over a hundred thousand years, until the Old British ended it – well the slaves were held in general contempt, they were beaten in public and openly humiliated and could be killed with impunity – all sorts of terrible stuff. Societies back then treated their slaves exactly as they described the slaves – there wasn’t this totally weird contradiction or opposition between how they talked about the slaves and how they treated them. Slaves were viewed as expensive disposable scum ‐ and they were treated exactly that way.
“But that wasn’t how it was with children, that’s the strangest thing. There was a singer, named after some city in ancient Texas, and she had a song – I’m sure you can still hear it in the archives somewhere
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 70
– about how children are the future, they need to be treated well, and loved, and respected, and encouraged – all the good stuff that we would mostly agree with now, in the Civ – but she treated her own children terribly, her daughter basically committed suicide, she was married to some violent guy, it was about as bad a situation as you can imagine...”
He scoffed. “Imagine that in the age of slavery! Imagine there was endless public and private sentimentality about how slaves were the future, they were just wonderful, they needed to be praised and encouraged and loved and respected – but they were regularly beaten and starved and killed! That would be an insane society – mentally damaged, so contradictory it almost defies imagination. Someone having those opinions now – that you must beat and destroy what you love and praise – would be subjected to about a million Scans, looking for whatever brain damage would produce such unbelievably contradictory perspectives.”
He sighed. “And this is the strange thing – the strangest thing, probably, in all of human history… Even in the days of slavery, slaves had their champions, who said slavery was evil and should be ended, that the slaves were human beings worthy of self‐ownership, that sort of stuff. Particularly after Christ. But in the old days, about children, it wasn’t even a debate. Occasionally, people would point out this contradiction, but they were either ignored or destroyed. This massive, unbelievable, galaxy‐wide contradiction between the publicly‐stated respect and love for children, and the private exploitation and destruction of children – it was completely ignored, like it didn’t even exist. The only way you knew it did exist in people’s minds was their fear and hatred of anyone who came along and pointed it out.
“And even the science was clear – even back then. Child abuse was like planting a bomb in the brain that went off forever. Child abuse took an average of twenty years off people’s lifespans. It was a dose‐ dependent trigger for promiscuity, addiction, criminality, ischemic heart disease, cancer, you name it. Big studies had been done, the data was readily available, spanking was destructive, it didn’t produce anything other than short‐term compliance and long‐term dysfunction – the schools were getting worse and worse, you couldn’t even really call them schools, they were just prisons for children – all of this was known, the statistics were out there, everything was clear as day, but I guess – I guess all of the power structures relied upon the destruction of children, and so – as we found out about a hundred years ago – peaceful parenting is the most revolutionary act in human history, because raising children well was the end of tyranny… And I guess all the tyrants in history knew that, which is why they tried to destroy anyone who stood up for children.”
Alice said: “I guess the parents were upset themselves, and probably didn’t want to raise their kids to not fit in with society at all.”
“There was a quote back then that I read once, that it is no measure of mental health to be well‐ adjusted to a profoundly sick society. That’s the craziest thing, that everyone knew, and everyone talked about it, but nobody connected anything together...”
Alice had shuddered, in the dark, under the covers.
That night, she had had a nightmare of returning to the world of violence against children.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 71
And now, in the present, after being captured and attacked, she knew that she would return to the Mountain.
Chapter 11
Alice could not figure out the morality of the situation – normally she would go to her parents, but they were one source of the problem, so to speak.
She sat in the little white cubbyhole in front of her window, one rainy night, while the white porchlight disintegrated into winding glass tears. She stared at the rivulets, letting her mind wander, hoping against hope that somehow the collapsing beams of light would answer her questions when they hit the windowsill.
I know how to activate the privacy mode of the sky‐taxi, I’ve seen my father do it a hundred times – this means lying to him, and to mom, and it might all come to nothing, I might go back to the Mountain and find only bones, empty earth and a few blackened sticks... But I know dad can’t find this Clan, and those boys and I – and Emily I guess – are united in some way. I might have changed their world, I know that they have changed mine. But what do I want from this? Do I want – do I want to rescue them, or have them dragged before the Civ and humiliated for their pig‐ignorance? Do I want to smash their lives as they tried to smash mine?
Over and over, she thought of the moment when the boys decided to leave, as if the two girls no longer existed.
How utterly bizarre – I feel a teeny tiny bit offended that they left, that we ceased to exist for them – mostly because I don’t know why. It was like a game we were playing just suddenly ended, because we didn’t know the rules, and weren’t playing – whatever they were playing. And it feels in a very strange and primitive way that we were somehow married on that Mountain…
She smiled at that, almost cynically, reshaping the statement in her mind as something melodramatic and ridiculous – because she didn’t want to lift the carpet and see where the stairs below actually led.
Alice toyed with various ideas in her mind, until everyone was asleep, and she had broken her word to go to bed hours before. Nothing compelled her to move – and she was quite used to waiting for this kind of compulsion, because if it didn’t come, she wouldn’t have the resolution to follow through on whatever action was being considered – until she thought of all the other children of this Clan, and what their lives would be like, and the image arose within her of an ancient hourglass, filled not with coloured sand but with tiny red blood cells; the potential for a civilized life pouring from top to bottom as time ticked by, and the children remained brutalized...
Something my uncle told me once, years ago... He said that in the distant past, people were incredibly sentimental towards animals, and incredibly violent towards children – and people too. Various forms of
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 72
entertainment showed people being shot and tortured and drowned and hunted, but if someone kicked a dog, everyone lost their minds...
“The animals were a repository for the sentimentality for the children,” he had said, because he had an endless habit of dropping little verbal bombs in her mind, that only went off in a flash‐bang of illumination, weeks or even years later.
If I go to the Mountain, and they are not there, I will have conquered the space – if they are there, I will humiliate them and rescue the toddlers.
Using sneak skills she had not utilized in years – since the necessary stealth of childhood games – Alice crept downstairs, packed food and water, eased out of the house (they had no need for locks or alarms of course) – walked into the woods for about ten minutes, then brought up her father’s phone, entered the incognito code unavailable on her phone, and summoned the sky‐taxi.
As she winged her way through the tapering night rain, Alice thought briefly of getting Emily, but it seemed too complicated, and her friend had one of those personalities that always seemed to remind everyone of a younger sibling, even if she was a similar age.
Ninety minutes later, Alice’s mother awoke from a light hot‐and‐cold menopausal doze to see her phone vibrating and dancing across the night table.
She looked at the screen, saw that her husband was calling, and instinctively reached across the bed, to find his still sleeping form.
“What the...” she muttered, imagining that he had – once more – left his phone behind somewhere. She blinked at the screen to answer it, choosing text over audio, so that her husband could continue sleeping.
Her daughter’s still, shaking dark face loomed too close on the screen.
“Mom, they’re here...” whispered Alice. She switched the view to an enormous flickering fire a short distance away, a group of bodies dancing around it like a swaying fleshy Stonehenge...
Her mother’s heart immediately began pounding like a beast trying to break its way out of her rib cage. The image of her dead daughter Ruth lying on the ground, staring impossibly at her own shoulder‐ blades…
There was a sudden gasp, and the communication cut out.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 73
Chapter 12
Awoken from a deep sleep, it took David only a few minutes to summon the fastest plasma jets. They arrived at Smudge Mountain only a few minutes after the call, the pilots slightly dizzy from the unexpected early‐morning speed.
Sitting on the edge of his bed, David watched it all on a conference call.
“We have visual contact,” said the lead pilot, “but we can’t see the girl.”
Alice’s mother – Gretchen – found herself biting her nails, and lowered them to her side.
“This is so – surreal,” she whispered.
David nodded. “Call Emily’s parents and make sure she is home,” he instructed.
Concentrating on the images in the conference call, David could see infra‐red lights scanning the forest, following a line of figures dressed in homespun clothes as they wound their way under the tree branches, along a barely‐visible path.
Gretchen joined the conference call. “There’s no sign of her? None?”
“We are looking,” said the pilot, “but she has no tracking gem, and the phone is off‐line.”
Probably destroyed, thought David, and silently thanked the pilot for not saying that.
He used the highest emergency level to summon his DROs security team. The two of them on the night shift appeared in the conference call almost immediately.
“Okay, I need a decision right now. My daughter returned to the Mountain, don’t know why, and she saw the Clan, she had my phone, it’s off‐line, we can’t see her, but we can see a line of men – I think they’re men – going through the woods. Do we have enough to detain them?” he asked.
Jake, the head of security, said: “Have we had any sightings of the boys who kidnapped the girls?”
David deferred to the pilot, who shook his head.
“How do we know that it’s the same group?”
David paused.
Gretchen said: “My daughter whispered: ‘they’re here’ – and I assumed that she meant the boys, but all I could see were dark shapes around a fire.”
Jake said: “I assume that whoever we are following is outside the Civ.”
“Yes,” said David.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 74
Jake paused. “Even if it’s not the Clan we’re looking for, they might know their whereabouts. I think we have the right to stop them, but probably not detain them.”
Gretchen bit her thumbnail again. “What if they don’t want to stop, or don’t speak our language, or just scatter, or fight back?”
David said: “We are talking about the use of direct force, which we haven’t had to do for – what, over fifteen years?”
Jake said: “Well, something – made your phone go off‐line, and we have to land to find your daughter – the other girl isn’t there, right?”
“Right.”
“Okay, so we will have to land and look for your daughter – that could be the first pilot. The second pilot should broadcast a request for a negotiation.”
“And if they don’t agree?”
Jake nodded grimly. “I’m getting there. I know, I know – there are very delicate escalations of force standards here. They’re not violating the nonaggression principle by standing around a fire and walking in the woods at night. However, they were the only people around when your phone got ‐ went off‐line – and the girl seems to be missing, although she could be standing by the fire right now, for all we know.”
The second pilot said: “I have circled the cave where the waterfall starts three times, I can see a bit of smoke coming up from the dead fire, but no people – the visibility isn’t perfect, but I’m sure that the girl is smart enough to know we are coming, and stand out in the open and wave.”
Gretchen nodded, her mouth bone‐dry. “Of course she is. Please find her, I know you don’t need to hear that, but I have to say it!”
“We will,” said Jake decisively. “Okay, here are the plans, subject to your approval of course. We broadcast a request to stop and talk. If they do that...”
David held up his hand. “I want to be there for that, I can get there in five minutes, send a jet to my place.”
Jake paused for a moment, then nodded. “On its way. If they stop, we’ll wait for you – if they don’t, I suggest we throw a force‐field around them. I don’t imagine they can go underground in the woods, so we should be able to contain them that way. Holding them buys some time to make sure they talk. Also, if they have – if they have your daughter, she will be contained as well.”
Gretchen said: “But what if they hurt her? Can they be targeted?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 75
Jake nodded slowly. “That’s a tough one. We could certainly target the adults and knock them out, but it’s a challenge, in the woods, to make sure there’s no one left who could – do her harm. They might have other young girls there, or boys about her height with long hair, there’s a lot that could...”
Gretchen threw up her hands. “Oh for heaven’s sake, just knock everyone out, we can revive them or pay them or give them – I don’t know, a leg of deer or something to thank them for their time!”
Jake nodded. “That’s up to David here. There will be an extensive review of course, from the other DROs… I leave it up to him.”
David took a deep breath. “I’d rather not knock them out as a first step; one thing we know about primitive Clans is that they are obsessed with status and leveling. If we show our power and superiority, they will almost certainly react with violence. Particularly if there are any females there, the males will hate being knocked out by what they perceive as more dominant males. So let’s appeal to their vanity, and – actually, you know what? Forget about broadcasting anything ‐ a ‘voice in the sky’ will be pretty provocative too. Just drop me there, alone, unarmed – I’ll try talking. Knock everyone out if things get crazy. I don’t mind, it’s happened to me before, it’s just a headache – but let’s try real gentle to start.”
“Okay,” said Jake. “Drop your rocks and grab your socks, the jet is there.”
David always forgot how quiet the plasma jets were – he thought about grabbing a bite to eat, but was too wound up to imagine digesting anything. He ran up to the roof and used his jump‐boots to leap up to the plasma jet, which whisked him to the Mountain in only a few minutes – they rocketed past the top to another jet that was silently circling, cloaked for invisibility from the ground.
The other pilot told them where the path was leading, and David was dropped gently on the ground ahead of the Clan.
Waiting for an agonized minute or two, he noticed that the birds were silent, and he could hear no movement of animals. Perhaps they felt something overhead, the electromagnetism of the invisibility shield, and felt that some enormous sky ghost might prey on them.
David’s heart was pounding; he felt primitive, vital, alive. His senses seemed sharpened, magnified. His muscles were engorged, ready to leap and claw…
Man, sixty seconds in the woods, and my body is right back in prehistory...
He heard the footfalls before the dark shapes began to emerge from the tangled undergrowth.
A tall man stepped out first. His face was lined and scarred, his forehead broad and grimy. He separated from the dark shapes around him and strode forward.
“I am Roman, here is my weapon hand,” he said in a strange accent, extending his right hand.
David remembered the old custom, and clasped the older man’s hand in return. “I am David.”
Roman held up his hand, and the line of dark shapes stopped.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 76
“Ask the girl if she wants her father,” said Roman, turning and glaring through the gloomy trees.
A smudge detached, and Alice ran forward, straight into her father’s arms. He lifted and hugged her, then whispered into the conference call that his daughter was safe.
Roman took a step forward. “I assume you’re here to parlay, and that needs to be just us.” He glanced upwards. “None of that mind‐trickery you’ve got going on in the sky.”
David paused, evaluating the older man’s language and intelligence. He said: “Your needs are not the only factor in this situation. I am outnumbered, I need the reinforcements of my friends.”
The older man considered this for a moment. He leaned forward and pointed towards the top of David’s head. “Unplug that mind‐link or whatever you’ve got going on, you can call out if you think you need help.”
David took a deep breath. “I intend no violence, Roman.”
Roman smiled humorlessly. “No one does, until they change their mind. If all that passes between us are words, you have no need of your friends. Your daughter is unharmed, we saw to that – and she came with us voluntarily.”
Forgetting the situation, David turned to his daughter in mute shock, then leaned in and whispered to her ear: “Is that true?”
Her voice – suddenly very high, very young – found his ear. “Daddy, I’m sorry, but I really wanted you to be able to find them.”
Amazing, thought David. He nodded slowly. “Okay, alright, you don’t need to be here for this.”
“I really want to be here for this. This is what I came for!”
David took a deep breath. As all husbands throughout all time have felt, his first thought was not towards his own reaction, but his wife’s.
Alice said: “If I’m here, there’s less chance of – violence.”
“Yes, but a worse outcome…”
Roman took another step forward and said: “We can keep the girl, you can keep my boy, if you’re worried about – escalation.”
A teenage boy, an indeterminable smudge between the white of childhood and the black of adulthood, walked forward and stood by his father.
Alice whispered: “That’s the boy!”
David put his hand on his daughter’s shoulder. He murmured: “I really don’t want you to stay with them. The Civ – I – care much more about our kids than – these people.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 77
David straightened his head and stared at Roman. “Your son is protected by your – Clan, your tribe – my child has only me – she needs to leave so we can talk.”
“Hold your horses,” said Roman, turning and conferring with the dark figures behind him.
After a minute or two, he turned back to David. “You say you are outnumbered, but you have the sky ships, and your bio‐weapons, you could wipe us out with a command.”
David nodded. “Even if that were true, I would be dead before any of that happened. I came out here in the middle of the night – before dawn I guess – because I love my daughter and want to keep being a father.”
Roman scoffed. “Nine times out of ten, war comes from confusion, like the war that started because a soldier raised his sword to strike the snake on his leg. We know your ideas. We can guess that you are here for our children, which is not going to happen. You have no evidence of violations of your precious nonaggression principle ‐ you ask any of the kids here,” he turned and gestured at the group behind him, “and they will all say how much they love it here, and how little they want to leave.” He wagged his finger slowly. “Now I know that – at least for the moment – we live in your world, and I know what your rules are. You aren’t going to ostracize us, that’s your main punishment, right? We already did that to ourselves, we already put ourselves in prison, according to your eyes, so what are you going to do to punish us? Your little Scans aren’t going to reveal anything other than that living in the wilderness is very stressful – or can be – so you have no moral right to take our children, that would be to initiate force on your part. We haven’t survived this long because we don’t know what we’re doing. And if you initiate the use of force against us, your business will be destroyed, because nobody will enforce any of your contracts – that’s written in your contract, right? – and you will be ostracized – and maybe you will join us out here, in what you call the wilderness, and we call reality.”
David’s heart began to beat slightly less wildly, as he realized the negotiations had already begun. He gently pushed Alice behind him, and turned to Roman.
“You’re right in a lot of what you say, and my hands are tied to a large degree regarding adults, but your son kidnapped and harmed my daughter, and hit both her and her friend, which is an NAP violation. Responding to an NAP violation gives me considerably more – flexibility.”
Roman held up his hand. “I guess we’ve started without saying we started, which is fine, but it’s damn cold, we’re going to need a fire!” He raised his voice in the last part of his sentence, and a fire was quickly built, and logs set up in front of it for them to sit. Both men sat opposite each other, Alice by her father’s side. Roman warmed his hands by rubbing them in front of the flickering flames.
Staring at the flames, Roman said: “Now, I know that your kind is all kinds of sensitive about your precious kids, and how nothing bad should ever happen to them, because you think that’s going to make them stronger, like the universe gives a damn, but let’s put things in perspective, because you really seem to have pulled all the sky‐cavalry out here to this spot, hanging above us all like a sword…” Roman sighed, gesturing at the fading stars. “You’ve got atomizing weapons pointed directly at us because your
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 78
daughter’s friend got a slap for trespassing.” Roman laughed sadly. “I’ll try not to comment on the arrogance of imagining that everything you don’t own is unowned, or that everyone who believes differently from you is wrong, but doesn’t it strike you as a little – insane – that this is your response to just about the smallest roughhousing above a caress?”
David nodded, indicating comprehension, not agreement. “If you and I were going on a journey of a thousand leagues, is it worth haggling over the precise direction at the beginning, or near the end?”
There was dark laughter around the fire. Roman scoffed. “Yeah, yeah, we know, the child is the father of the man, the hand that rocks the cradle rules the world – do you really think that you’re the only group in history, the only civilization in history to ever think that children – that how we treat children determines the future? You’re like some toddler thinking every new experience is new for everyone.” He leaned forward, firelight and shadows sliding up his face. “We – thoroughly invest in our children, and set them on the right path, something sustainable and human and real and true. We don’t make them slaveowners of machines or let them squirt their brains into computers and imagine that they are alive. We teach them true respect for persons and property, which is consequences, not your ‘Universally Preferable Behaviour.’ Those girls were on our land, and they were kept here for a short while, to teach them a lesson, and then they were taught some respect with one little slap, and then they were let go without incident. It was nothing really – nothing at least compared to what you are doing, which is bringing all your godforsaken weaponry to threaten our lives over a little – consequence.”
David started to say something, but Roman held up his hand again, with a strange authority of habitual command.
“At the end of the day, your daughter was taught to show some respect for other people’s property – and all you are doing is teaching her that she needs her big old daddy and a whole bunch of sky ships with deadly weapons pointed at anyone who might be even slightly mean to her, according to her own estimation. You are damn erasing her, David ‐ at the same time as you think you are here because you want to be such a good daddy.”
David shivered. “Can you tell me a little bit about this – group of yours?”
Roman laughed grimly. “Oh, our people, that you call a Clan, like five hundred‐year‐old ghosts with pointy hats. Well, I guess you can say we are just a group of concerned parents. After the Cataclysms, you all went the route of treating your children like delicate eggs of the ancient world, Faberge eggs,” he held up his hands and wriggled his fingers. “Or spiderwebs in some crazy wind. ‘The world went bad,’ you said, I guess, ‘so we have to banish all badness and all struggle and all difficulty’ – and all reality, we think – ‘and our kids need to be raised in some kind of – bubble.’ Well I guess most of you thought that way, and went that way, and it’s been that way for about a hundred years, give or take, but I guess we were a little bit more into – diversity, and we wanted to go a different route, and we recognized the basic historical fact, the most basic historical fact, which is that human societies can never survive their own success.” Roman took a deep breath and leaned further forward. “All these empires, all throughout history, hundreds of them, what do they do? It’s always the same. Some warlord or general bastard captures a bunch of lands and people, and imposes some rule of law or paper‐shuffling order, and peace
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 79
flourishes for a time – then everyone gets lazy and soft and – mercantile...” He almost spat out the word. “And the elders get lazy and greedy and stupid and obsessed with money and status and power, and no one wants to go into the Army, and women don’t want to have kids – that’s you too, you know – and then everything collapses, because there are tougher people out there in the world, and they just – run you over, run you down. I guess you can say that we are a group of concerned ex‐citizens who just got a little sick and tired of this and the stupid cycle of history. It’s kinda like when they used to have a lottery – I don’t know if you still do – and you offered someone a couple of bitcoins, but with the certain knowledge that it would most likely destroy all their relationships, and they would wind up broke and in jail. A devil’s bargain, if ever there was one. Well, mankind, God help them, keeps getting offered all this wealth – with the certain knowledge that it will all go to hell, and take them with it, and everyone just keeps grabbing this burning bar of ‘civilized’ gold that melts their hands right off…” It wasn’t hard to see where Roman was getting this analogy – he kept waving his hand slowly over the flickering flames.
David was rather struck by the oddly educated manner of the older man. He opened his mouth to speak, then closed it again.
Roman nodded slowly, staring at the flames. “We’re tired, I guess. Tired of this cycle, tired of this manic‐ depressive crap‐storm. We start in the woods, we move to the cities, we mostly end up back in the woods, while wolves eat the rest who starve in the shadows of the broken buildings. None of us can survive our own success. I don’t want the gold if it breaks my back. We don’t want the computers because we’re human freaking beings, we are supposed to face nature and wrestle for survival!” He raised his eyes and stared straight at David. “You know,” he murmured, “you are all going to end up back here anyway. We are just ready for it now.”
David swallowed, an ancient chill of fear circulating in his bloodstream. “How – how do you treat your children?”
Roman pursed his lips. “Like they are the future, as they are. We teach them that the universe owes them nothing, that you have to wrestle for everything you want, that age and wisdom have real value in a world with less change. We put them to work early, to make sure that we continue to want to have kids – you all educate them forever, they are too expensive for your society to continue, you are dying out for sure. We are harsh, because nature is harsh – as it will be to you too, when your society fails and the robots die.” Roman laughed suddenly. “It is kind of funny, when you think about it. You think we are being mean to our children, we think that you are being – unbelievably cruel to yours.”
Roman gestured at the trees, silent and still in the dawn light.
He murmured: “In ancient Rome – that’s why I am called this – the city went from millions of inhabitants down to a few thousand in a few months. Where did they go? They were all raised in cities, they expected running water in every building, no predators, easy food, arguments and debates and literature and slaves and – politics. They could wander down to the market and sell words for food – have you ever tried talking a dead tree into giving you fruit? That’s how insane it looks to us. And all these pipes and aqueducts and slaves and swords that the city Romans could not see were all keeping them afloat, in a mad dream…” He snapped his grimy fingers. “And then it all ended one day, as it
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 80
always does, and there was no food in the market and no water in the taps, and what did they do? Well, they sat on their asses, most of them, and waited for help to arrive. Then they were raped or killed or enslaved – and as the word of this began to spread, people grabbed half a loaf of bread and ran out of the city into the woods.” He laughed. “Our kids would know what to do, they wouldn’t even need half a loaf of bread. So these Romans, these soft and stupid city folk, they try to plant themselves like seeds in the land, but there’s no point planting a fruit tree when you’re already hungry. Maybe they went to farmers and begged for food, but the farmers didn’t need them, they already had all the labour they needed – and the soft‐handed city idiots knew nothing about farming, they had no muscles or calluses or discipline. So what happened to them? They were barely worth anything as slaves. They were just useless eaters – they didn’t breathe to feed their muscles, like you’re supposed to, but to feed their words, which were useless to everyone now.”
Roman’s eyes got a faraway look.
“Millions of them… Where did they go? What happened to them? We can imagine, but it doesn’t really matter, we will never really know – but we know, for real, in a way. They just broke down and died. And you know what they died saying? I guarantee you that they died saying that they wished their own damn parents had prepared them for life outside the dying city. They died cursing their kin for keeping them soft and useless and parasitical and predatory and political. They died because their parents never made them work an honest day in their life, so their hands were too soft for anything useful, and their paws bled and they were cast into the wilderness and eaten by dogs half‐alive.” Roman laughed bitterly. “They were raised to be kings and senators and sophists – and they couldn’t even raise their hands to ward off the dogs that ate them.” He put the heels of his hands together and spread his palms apart. “Fork in the road, Mister David. One way is sustainable, one is not. You are preparing your children for a life that will not last. Civilization is a drug that destroys. You forgot your gods, you forgot your devils…
Roman leaned further forward, his eyes wide with perceived truth.
“The devil always does the same thing – he promises the end of suffering that you don’t have to earn. That’s not right… The devil promises you a relief you don’t have to keep earning. ‘I’ll give you fame or beauty or money or talent or whatever – I’ll give you civilization – but you’ll have to give me your soul in return!’ So you’re greedy, you snatch what he offers – and you love it for about five minutes, and then you become terrified of losing it, of what is to come. And it turns out living for the approval of others, living for status...” Again, he almost spat out the word in disgust. “...turns you into a slave – the worst kind of slave, the slave who thinks he is in charge, on top of the world. The slave trapped in a palace, because you can break out of a prison, but you can never break out of a palace. The slave trapped by his gold, his fame, his fans, his – greed. Everything you get that you do not earn, with your own hands, you live in fear of losing – and it’s a rational fear, because you will lose it. Civilization is a palace built by others, better than you – better than me perhaps – and it always comes crashing down, because animals can only escape predators and hunger by living in a zoo, but zoos drive us mad, because we are nothing if we are not striving…”
Roman gestured.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 81
“Alice, stick yourself out from behind your daddy. If we all disappeared in the next minute, and you were left here alone, how would you eat? Huh? How would you sleep to be safe from predators? How would you build anything? Would you know how to stay alive? This is how we evolved. This is it, this is natural to us, this is where we belong. You have people in your world who haven’t seen daylight for a year, they’ve been eaten alive by your VR helmets. It’s artificial insanity – here, if people see things that aren’t there, we know they have gone mad – for you, it’s a way of life. Safety is madness, privacy is madness – and universality is madness too.”
David started. “What?”
Roman leaned forward even further. “You heard me. Universality is madness as well. You got two ways of looking at the world – biology, or morality. We are animals, we are mammals, and all animals evolved through biology. The tribe, your family… You drop a rock in a still lake, the waves are high, then they flatten out. That’s care, that’s concern, that’s life as it should be. Family – that’s all that matters, that’s evolution, that’s why we’re here – that’s why we are who we are. Look at you… You came all the way out here because of your daughter, but you are staying here, putting your life at risk you think, because of our children. But what do you care about our children? What do I care about yours? You have this universality – Universally Preferable Behavior – which means you have to put your life at risk for my boy, for our children. You ever see that anywhere else in the animal kingdom? And yeah, I know, you will say that we are not animals, and that’s fine I guess, you can have your civilization and your soft hands and your virtual reality, you can pretend that you are not an animal, that you are an abstract God of Forms, and you can live in geometry, not reality, but the thing about reality is it always comes back. You run from the wilderness into the city, the city just spits you back out when it collapses. Civilization is like diving underwater – you can stay there for a bit, but you can’t live there – you either return to the air, or you die in the deep. And I have no beef with science or math I guess, you can pursue those universal abstractions, but only if they serve your own kin.” Roman sighed. “You know the big lesson of the Cataclysms – all of the ideologies that grew out of the grave of God, the idea that we could remake mankind in the image of some universal abstraction that did not evolve with his body. ‘We can remake you so that you don’t care about profit or your own family!’ Pffsht! All such obvious stupidity. Set a man against what gives him life, what he evolved to do, and you own him until your ownership kills him. Like that disease where they got rid of all the symptoms, but couldn’t control the infection. Basic question to ask – why do people cough and take to bed when they get sick? There’s no implicit reason for it – well, it’s because it’s a signal to other people that you are sick, so they need to stay away. Tribes that evolved without symptoms cross‐infected each other into early graves, it’s an evolutionary dead end. Symptoms are horrible, but the alternative is death. Get rid of symptoms, you just spread disease.” His voice rose. “The avoidance of personal suffering – necessary suffering – is the root of all evil. And your civilization is striving to eliminate suffering – just like all civilizations before, which tell people they shouldn’t have to dig a well to get water ‐ just turn a tap. You shouldn’t have to hunt or grow your food, you should just tap a keyboard and have a robot cough it into your mouth, like a mama bird. You’ve probably got it to the point where you just have to think of the food, and you crap it out in five minutes. Congratulations, you have eliminated humanity!”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 82
Roman leaned up and stretched his back. As the sun rose, his face looked older, wearier – but it would be prejudice to call it utterly unwise, thought David.
Roman said: “And here is the funniest thing, maybe. When there’s a solar flare or you run out of power, or you get too dumb and lazy to fix your machines – when the barbarians of your own softness sack your cities – you will come out here to us on your knees and beg for survival! I know why you’re here, my friend. You are here to take our children – who damn well know how to survive in the real world – and lock them up in your fantasy cities. Maybe we live on a kind of desert island, but you want to bind them to a ship that is bound to sink. It’s not gonna happen.” The older man’s eyes narrowed. “We are not some rejects, some outcasts too uncivilized to live in your cracking paradise. We are here by choice, in preparation for what is to come, because we are actual scholars of human history. We are not science fantasists who imagine that somehow, miraculously, we get to escape the cycle this time. We are mortal, you are mortal – and only insane people believe that exceptions to mortality apply to them alone. All civilizations die, as will yours. We will preside over your funeral, and carry on. You will not.”
David started to speak, but Roman held his hand up once more. David felt himself chafing against the older man’s imaginary authority – in particular with his own daughter sitting beside him – but he felt that Roman was blowing up his own words like David used to blow up balloons for Alice, and it was better to let them pop.
“You have become less of a man, my friend, by turning over all your labour to the machines and the computers. In fact, I would barely categorize you as a man, any more than I would categorize a fat king as a man. Not doing your own work is like letting another man kiss your bride – it turns you into a eunuch. When was the last time you lifted anything other than weights, the lazy man’s pretend labour?”
Roman leaned forward. “And I will tell you something that will shock you. You don’t know, at least at the top of your mind, why your daughter returned to this Mountain. I’m guessing she doesn’t even know herself – do you, Alice?”
Alice stood up and cleared her throat. “I wanted to lead my father to you.”
Roman nodded slowly. “Is that right? Because you wanted to save all our children from their terrible lives?”
“Yes!”
Roman nodded again. “That’s not true.”
“Hey,” protested David.
The older man shrugged. “I’m not saying the girl is a liar, but what she is saying is not true.” He paused for a moment, rubbing his chin, and the sandpaper sound of stubble drifted across the early morning air. “She came as bait, that’s what she says – and she didn’t tell you because she knew you wouldn’t let her come – but none of this is true, not in any real way.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 83
David scowled. “Stop talking around the issue, and just tell us what you imagine.”
“Alice, you know we don’t have any technology, at least you don’t think we do, right?”
Alice didn’t know whether to nod or shake her head. “I don’t think you do,” she said cautiously.
Roman grunted with evident satisfaction. “So – if you were coming to the Mountain as bait, and you know we don’t have any remote viewing crap, then we would’ve had to have someone nearby, watching the Mountain, to see you come – and some way to communicate with the rest of us. So – we must’ve been close by for your plan to work. But if we were close, you didn’t need to come as bait – you could have just told your daddy that you thought we might be watching the Mountain to see if you would return. So – it’s a pretty story, but it’s not true. If we were close, you could’ve just found us easily. Turns out we were, so it looks like your plan kind of worked, but it’s not the real plan, not the real motive.”
David frowned. The older man’s words were a kind of maze, but it did vaguely feel like they led somewhere...
“So – what is the truth?” he asked.
“That’s a big question,” said Roman – rather pompously, David thought.
The older man said: “The truth is that females respond to assertiveness, to dominance. She came back because she liked my son. She stayed because she is drawn to us – we have dropped our lives into her mind, and she is responding as she should.”
“Oh, gross!” cried Alice vehemently, and slight laughter ran around the clearing.
Roman smiled. “Also a typical female response, to condemn what she is drawn to.” He raised his hand. “Don’t get me wrong, I know she’s young, I’m not suggesting anything – untoward. But this is your problem, and I say this man to man, father to father... You have lost track of what is most – human. My son exercised dominance over your daughter, and she was compelled to return. You with this peaceful parenting – you do not exercise dominance over your daughter, so she does not view you as an authority figure, but just a kind of ‘big buddy.’“ Again, his lip curled in disgust. “She makes fun of you, right?”
David nodded.
“And you lecture her when she does something you disagree with, right? No punishments, no raised voice, no spanking – no fear.”
David nodded again.
Roman smiled grimly. “And you can afford to be her ‘big buddy’ because you live in a world without danger. She doesn’t need to fear the consequences of her actions because her actions have no consequences!” Roman’s voice rose on the last three words.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 84
He gestured at the trees, at silent implacable sociopathic nature. “Out here, you make a mistake, you die – or you get an injury, which means you die slowly. It’s a kindness to be harsh with your children, because it prepares them for the harsh world that we live in.”
Roman’s eyes narrowed, and his voice changed its tone.
“Do you know why you have the intelligence to make your slave machinery? Do you even know how we evolved?” He opened his right hand and pounded the base of his left fist into it. “We evolved through unspeakable and unending brutality. Particularly the Northern people – we grew our brains because people who did not plan for winter – the stupid, the greedy, the shortsighted – died over the course of that winter! Like those pink soft Roman city‐dwellers – people who had no food in late Winter went knocking and begging at the doors of their neighbours, holding up hungry children, tears in their eyes. And you know what their neighbours did? Do know why we have any brains at all?”
His voice lowered to almost a whisper, causing David and Alice to lean forward together.
“Their neighbours slammed their doors in their faces. They locked their doors, and fastened their windows – and picked up an axe if need be, to CHOP DOWN their stupid greedy neighbours, to make sure they had enough food for their own children – and those children saw the neighbours being driven into the snow – and cut in pieces if necessary – and maybe they buried those bodies around the houses… And when the spring came… Do you think that those children ever forgot that lesson? Do you think those children ever failed to prepare for the length of winter? Do you think we would ever have evolved the intelligence and forethought to make the machines that make us lazy if our ancestors had not lived like US rather than YOU?!?”
A few pieces of genuine spittle flew from Roman’s mouth. Alice blinked in surprise, trying to remember if she had ever seen such intensity in anything – or anyone – outside of crazed historical documentaries.
Roman said: “And you have taken all these brains, the product of hundreds of thousands of years of blinding suffering and harshness, and you have turned them into unsustainable laziness – and, when your daughter saw my son, she realized that she was seeing a true male for the first time in her entire life!”
“A male who hit a child!” cried David, and immediately regretted it, because it seemed – or felt – like a very weak move.
Roman nodded. “Yeah, I heard about that. Do you know why we hit our children? Because out here, the nonaggression principle doesn’t work with cold or bears or wolves or a slipped axe or a broken leg or a twisted ankle or fire or hunger or boiling water or an infection – or another tribe, and yes your eyes will widen, but we are not alone out here, there are a lot of eyes watching your ‘Civ’ circle the drain.”
He took a deep breath, exhaled slowly, and pointed a forefinger at David.
“I want you to think of something – again, father to father. Imagine that these two girls had surprised a pack of hungry wolves up on the Mountain, or a cougar, or coyotes, or a family of bears. And imagine
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 85
that this guardian robot thing had failed, or had been bitten in two by a predator. Imagine everything that your civilization shields them from had broken through, and was staring them down.”
With blinding speed, Roman picked up a rock, turned and threw it directly at his son. Like an ancient parted sea, everyone leaned away from the rock. His boy caught it deftly.
Roman smiled and shrugged. “No worries here, for us. My son alone might not win, but it sure as hell would be a fair fight. Your girls would be eaten alive, because you have disarmed them with safety, and they would go screaming into the mouths of the beasts. We imitate predators here because the world is a predator. And you sit in your robot zoos and judge us for being deficient – when you came from us! We gave birth to you – our harshness gave you the brains that you rely on to escape consequences, to avoid nature and reality.” His lips curled. “‘The Civ’ is a tumour, like all ‘civilization.’ It is a success we cannot survive as a species. It grows, surrounds healthy cells, and kills the host. It is a devilish temptation for comfort at the expense of survival. You would be nothing without us – you are our children – and we, as your parents, get cast into the wilderness and damned as evil, when you survive only on the intelligence we grew in you!”
Are you finished? The low rent power‐play phrase tempted David, but he resisted.
He and Roman stared at each other for a full minute, their breath fogging faintly in the morning air.
“It hangs in the balance,” said Roman slowly.
David took a deep breath, his mind spinning with the unexpected volume of information and arguments coming from the older – savage? No, not a savage, but a cunning – mammal…
David suddenly wished his daughter was far away – not because he felt that she was in any imminent danger, but because matching wits against the leader of the Clan suddenly felt astonishingly challenging. He was so used to negotiating in a framework of common beliefs that conversing with someone outside the ideals of the Civ seemed impossible, like debating someone in a language you do not share.
Philosophy is supposed to be universal – but this man – this tribe – reject universals... How are we supposed to have a discussion of values when the only thing they value is survival?
David considered for a long moment. He could sense that Roman approved of taking the time to collect your thoughts. David suddenly suspected that the surprisingly deep insights of the older man grew from the deep soil of long, cold leisure...
“What if…?” He cleared his throat. “What if the Civ is sustainable?”
Roman snorted. “What if? What if? What if wolves turn friendly and we can drink sunlight and I’m the only man who can live forever? ‘What if’ is like the silly drug of ‘fairness’ that always brings down civilization. Fantasy and resentment is not a survival strategy my friend.”
“No, I understand what you mean,” said David evenly. “I know I sound like all of the – thinkers who ran society from the nineteenth to the twenty‐first centuries – ‘what if central planning works better than
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 86
free markets?’ ‘What if we can stop being tribal?’ ‘What if men and women can be exactly the same?’ I know – but you do have to be fair according to the evidence of the senses. We’ve had a hundred years or so, and wealth has gone up five times, we’ve extended life by half a century, crime is virtually nonexistent, debt virtually unheard of, disease mostly eradicated – we have achieved more in the last century than any other period in history. In all the past empires or civilizations, you could clearly see the seeds of destruction sown for hundreds of years. But you understand that sometimes riddles do get solved in human history – after the end of slavery – the greatest advance prior to the modern age – no one seriously suggested bringing slavery back. There are advancements that bring us to a higher plateau, and that doesn’t mean that pride comes before a fall, or we are Icarus with wax for wings...”
“He didn’t have wax for wings,” muttered Roman.
David waved his hand. “I know, you get the point. I didn’t interrupt you when you made an ambiguous or incorrect statement – let’s focus on the flow of the conversation. I get the argument that civilization stops evolution – reverses it in many ways. I get the argument that comfort leads to laziness, that hard times lead to strong men, strong men lead to good times, good times lead to weak men, and weak men lead to hard times – I’ve studied all of that; everyone has who claims to be civilized. The basis of the modern world is a deep understanding of everything that went wrong in the past. I suppose there are two types of men – those who believe that improvement is delusion, and those who believe that giving up is a form of cowardice...”
He paused, seeing how his ‘shot across the bows’ of Roman’s not‐inconsiderable vanity was received, but it passed the older man by without comment or reaction.
David stood up, massaging his lower back, unused to sitting for so long. The rising sun beamed through the trees, stretching long shadow‐branches across the clearing.
“What you know about the history of the Civ?”
“I know it as it is now, not much about how it came to be, other than as a reaction to the Cataclysms.”
David nodded. “I will keep it brief. The Civ will last because we finally understood the equation that kept collapsing civilization. Child abuse. Child abuse uses external punishments to destroy internal conscience – children just learn to avoid pain and pursue rewards. Because they grow up without an internalized conscience, children know no other way to be good than to seek the approval of those with dangerous power over them. In other words, child abuse creates a power vacuum – or a moral vacuum really – in the minds of children and adults, so they don’t know how to be good without being told. Ordered. Violated.
“A child who has a conscience – who is good for the sake of goodness itself – doesn’t need an external authority that punishes and rewards in order to pursue virtue. Now, I know that for your – group, the most important thing is tribalism and survival – or tribalism insofar as it serves survival – and I get that, I respect where you’re coming from – but if you can get survival and flourishing without abusing children – that would be better, right?” David held up his hand. “Before you answer, I know two things – first,
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 87
that you don’t believe that, or at least not yet – and second, that you believe we are abusing our children by sealing them up in – what, robot prisons? By taking away their ability to survive in this raw world that you live in, we are harming them – while you are preparing them for the harsh world that is – I get that, but – just let me make the case anyway, since a lot does hang on this discussion. Peace – or war.”
David began to pace back and forth. Roman’s eldest son yawned theatrically.
“Look, Roman – morality is based on universality; emotionally, universality is based on empathy. We found out that there was very little point trying to teach morality to children who had not learned empathy – and learning empathy requires a specific sequence of eye contact, skin contact, emotional mirroring, to wire up the different parts of the brain necessary to develop mirror neurons, or the capacity for compassion. Children who are raised with compassion have a foundational biological basis for the development of philosophical universality – in order to act morally, children must first understand – and feel – that other people are like themselves. Throughout most of human history, commandments were beaten into children, while parents did the exact opposite of what they commanded. Hitting children for hitting children, that sort of thing… It was like fat parents punishing their children for not being athletes, while simultaneously starving them and breaking their bones – just an analogy, I’m not saying any of you would do that…”
David took a deep breath. He noticed that the wildlife was beginning to return. A rabbit watched from under a bush at the edge of the clearing. Two blackbirds landed on a branch nearby. Roman’s younger son picked up a rock, but dropped it after a fierce glance from his father.
“In order to ‘do unto others as you would have them do unto you,’ your brain must be able to process the emotional reality that other people are like you. That empathy is a basic biological function that, as I said, requires specific parenting techniques and intimacy. Yelling at children to be compassionate, hitting them for selfishness, beating them for violence – only produces violent selfish children who lack compassion.
“The massive costs of the old world – the crime, the addiction, promiscuity, violence, ill health, divorce...” It was David’s turn to spit out a word with contemptuous ferocity. “Single motherhood – we all know the list, it went on forever back then – all of this arose from the brutalization of children. Child abuse took decades off the lifespan of every victim, spanking produced aggression; child confinement – at home or in what used to be called ‘schools’ – produced bullying, anxiety, violence and depression. Children who were broken grew into broken adults, and broken adults flocked to political authority, which bribed and exploited them – rewarded and punished them, just as their parents did. ‘The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world,’ so the saying went – we went one step further: The hand that rules the world smashes the cradle,’ – and must keep doing so in order to continue ruling!”
Startled, the blackbirds flew up, as if offended.
“However much this might have been known in centuries past, it could scarcely be acted upon, because every power structure that dominated humanity – from parents to teachers to the State – relied upon
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 88
and required children to be abused! Any mere individual who tried to expose and push back against this abuse was targeted by all of the people in power who profited from smashing up children, and was attacked and excluded from society. In the Civ, ostracism is used as a last resort against abuse – in the Old World, ostracism was used as the first resort against anyone who tried to protect the children.
“This – bigotry against children is as old as the species we share. In the twenty‐first century – a time of mass hysteria against all forms of perceived bigotry – not one statement was made in the general media about the bigotry against children – the obvious word for it – childism – didn’t even exist! In many countries, it was illegal to hit adults, but perfectly legal to hit children. It was illegal to confine adults, but you could legally confine children. It was illegal to withhold food from adults, but you could half‐starve children. It was of course illegal to sexually assault children, but the practice was so widespread that at least one in three girls – and one in five boys – were sexually assaulted as children. People were so ignorant back then that they didn’t even realize that just about everyone who wanted to drive the fathers out of the household did so because they wanted abuse the children of single mothers. Children of single mothers were over thirty times more likely to be abused than children with fathers around – driving fathers away was the essential project of the abusers.
“And the children were given no say in their schooling; their parents were forced to pay, the State forced them to attend in most places, and they had almost no recourse to bullying from teachers, fellow students, staff – government schools were hotbeds of physical and sexual abuse and exploitation.
“And very little was done to stop this, because the society was set up so that children were explicitly denied their role and voice in the world. Who listened to them? Politicians didn’t care about them, because they could not vote. Teachers didn’t care about them, because they got paid no matter what. And the culture created a strange cult of parenthood, so that even victims of child abuse were herded back to their abusers by a society desperate to cover up its endless crimes against children. There were a few people who reminded adult victims of child abuse that they did not have to spend time with their abusers, but in the usual twenty‐first century habit of projection, those people were attacked as cult leaders and driven from society – to protect the abusers who ran everything, or were required by those who ran everything.
“Society evolved on child abuse – it required child abuse. It could not survive without it.
“After the Cataclysms, when the sadists who virtually destroyed the species – hell, the planet – had been exposed – and people finally understood that we had accumulated too much technological power to be ruled – the problem of violent hierarchy – parenting, schools, the State – was finally attacked at its root, and some of the studies and arguments from the Old World which had survived served as a blueprint for outgrowing the brutal hierarchies of history. In a sense, prehistory was the childhood of the species, the Old World of the seventeenth to the twenty‐first centuries was the unstable puberty – the Cataclysms the violent teenage years – and the modern world is the final adulthood of mankind.
“In order to bow to authority, you must be raised to be afraid of authority – that is the job of parents and teachers, paid for and protected by the State. We found the most remarkable – yet most easily
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 89
predictable – thing, which was that when children were raised peacefully, we had no need of politics. No need of the State – the State which had always destroyed the societies it was supposed to protect!”
It was David’s time to lean forward, and he felt his daughter’s soft hand on his left shoulder.
“So – Roman, you have it precisely backwards, and here’s where the conversation becomes confrontational, which I accept.
“You aren’t harsh to your children because the world is harsh – you need a harsh world in order to justify your harshness to your children! The Civ is not just built on peaceful parenting – the Civ is peaceful parenting. Not even two sides of the same coin; they are one and the same. Why do you live out here, in this harsh wilderness? Your need is emotional, not philosophical. You need the Civ to be on its last legs so that you can justify your emotional need to abuse your children – and I am going to say it, because you have said it to me, which sounds petty, but you opened the door to this kind of criticism.”
David gestured at the silent trees, the circling blackbirds, the rustle and creak of wind through the leafy boughs.
“These woods are not the future of the Civ, but the primitive prehistory of us all. You have based your identity on ruling this tribe, on being the Chief – which means that you need the tribe, you need the hierarchy, you need the obedience – which means that your entire ego is dependent upon the abuse of your children. Now, you project that need to abuse onto me, onto the fathers of the Civ, because we reason with our children and do not use our accidental size and age and strength as a substitute for rational parenting. You bring your children out here in order to bully them, and then say that – ‘Oh no, it’s not me that is bullying you my child – I am just preparing you for the bullying of nature’ – but who is responsible for bringing them out here? For keeping them out here? You, Roman…” David gestured the tribe. “You, these parents – and no one else.”
David turned to the grimy frightened children of the tribe, staring at him with wide eyes and hanging mouths.
“Why are they here? The one thing we know is that they are abused when they are here – and you yourself said that the abuse occurs because nature is abusive, and you are preparing them to face nature. This is why you need to say that the Civ cannot last – because if it can last – and the only reason that it can last is because of peaceful parenting – then you are just a violent man out here in the woods beating his children. You are not a noble savage, you are not a historical warrior, you are not a protector of children from the softening disasters of a machine‐based civilization, you are not a natural philosopher of the Original Man – you are just a guy who has dragged children out into the woods so he can beat them – or worse, which I will not speak of for lack of proof, and for the presence of children here.”
David just let his passion flow. He had made arguments for peaceful parenting at conferences in the few remaining statist countries, but his words had never sounded as raw as here, as looming nature ate up his syllables.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 90
“You are just a guy with a stick and a fist – and terrified children. You know a fair amount about the Civ – you know that we have no war and no prisons and no crime, that we are wealthy and powerful and secure – and happy. You have studied history, you know that the fall of a civilization is foreshadowed by hundreds of years of very clear indicators, from the accumulation of centralized power to the importing of foreigners hostile to the core beliefs, to the corruption and degradation of the currency, the state‐ subsidized hyper‐egalitarianism of the sexes, the reliance on public debt and the ever‐increasing propagandizing of the young, the destruction of the nuclear family – we went through this a hundred times in the past, it was always the same – and you claim to know history, but you look at the Civ and claim that it is tottering, that it cannot last, that you are protecting children from our – what, decadence and laziness and softening! But you, who claims to follow nature and reality and truth and is desperate to be harsh to your children because – oh, nature is harsh, the truth is harsh, and reality is harsh – how harsh are you willing to be against your own delusions? We are not failing, we are not softening, we are not on our last legs – we succeed because we protect our children, but you only think you succeed because you destroy yours!” He did a passable imitation of Roman’s odd accent. “‘Oh, but we are harsh to our children because we want to protect them from wolves and bears and lions!’ What about your beliefs, old man? You were raised so harshly that you can take on bears with your bare hands – can you face down the predators of your own false beliefs? ‘Don’t make a mistake, or ye shall surely die!’ you cry. Well, Roman, what if you have made a mistake? What if you have built your entire worldview, your emotional hunger to dominate and destroy, on the delusion that peace and reason cannot last in this world? That you are the future, and we are the tottering past?” David’s voice grew almost gentle. “Oh no, my friend. We are the future; you are the past, and we cannot coexist. You are out here breeding criminals and brutalizers, while we use our peace and plenty to raise civilized human beings. I was raised in love and peace and reason and wealth. I have mirror neurons; you have a void where your conscience should be. Although you attacked my child, I will save your children, because I am involved in all of humanity, and I cannot be dominated or humiliated into deferring to a child‐abusing savage in the woods!”
David took a deep breath – in his passion he had cast aside all restraint, and knew that lives now hung in the balance. He had been surprised at the depth of emotion that arose in his chest, then he realized that he was facing an ancient enemy only detectable by his deepest instincts…
It is not that he is wrong that is the problem – it is that he defines everything that is wrong about him as a virtue, which seals his actions in inevitability. Free will only allows us to choose what is good – to define what is good… Once we have chosen, or defined, our course is set. We can choose where to build the train tracks, but we cannot choose where the train goes after the tracks are done. He has set himself up as a virtuous leader, whose virtue – and leadership – depends entirely upon the destruction of children. A tree must be broken and reassembled into a house – children must be broken to be reassembled into followers – his followers. And now I have called out his leadership, and his virtue, and his authority, in front of his tribe – and his child, or children I assume... There is almost no greater provocation in the world of mammals...
David could see the shifting clouds of suppressed emotions chasing each other across the older man’s stony visage. He found himself impressed – against his will – by Roman’s superlative self‐control.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 91
After a full minute, Roman spoke.
“Real men did not submit to each other. It seems that you want to make this a war of wills and dominance...” He flattened his hands and pushed his fingers together horizontally. “Like two pieces of paper being pushed together, one ends up going above the other.” He raised his voice. “This is not a battle of wills! I do not demand that you submit to me – I assume you do not demand that I submit to you! We are not animals, we are men, and we can reason. You are calling me evil, I am calling you weak – which is the same as evil, in the real world. Weakness draws evil, and cannot protect its own offspring. Your weakness was to send your children out to the wilderness guarded only by floating and failing metal. My ‘evil’ is to protect my children from destruction by making them strong. You are like the crazy mother who keeps her children away from germs, so that they die the first time they sicken.” Roman pursed his lips in a stern frown.
“But these are – abstract issues. The past is a myth, the future a delusion. You and I can make anything we want out of current patterns to justify our respective views. Your sky ships hang over us, ready to strike.” He raised his finger and pointed at David’s chest. “You would hold us down with ropes and take our children away.” He raised his finger and spun it. “We would fight to the death to hang onto our precious children, our future. We would take nothing from you, but let time and decadence do its dirty work. You will come and threaten us – kill us if necessary – to take our children. Children who – by your own definition – cannot be integrated into your society. You will take them for – what? To try your programming, to force them into the decadent pacifist cult of the Civ – which you will fail at, we both know this. So then what? You have taken them from a life they love, the only life they know, taken them away from all the skills that make them human, and put them into a cage in a city...” Again, he almost spat the word. “You will take them like the ancient rulers took the natives from the ‘new world’ and paraded them in bamboo cages for the Kings to poke at and feel superior to. What you cannot coexist with, or integrate, you must destroy.”
Roman turned his back on David and spoke to the silent waiting Clan. The wide‐eyed children edged closer to their parents.
“This man says that we are beyond redemption, and that trauma – the trauma of learning how to survive, man versus nature, as we evolved, as is natural – destroys our souls. He will take our children, he will program them, indoctrinate them, try to change them into himself – all in the name of progress, of virtue, of compassion and the nonaggression principle, their God of Reason, as they imagine. We will be destroyed through violence, so that violence is destroyed, the ancient bargain of man’s inevitable enemy...”
Roman took a deep breath. “We cannot fight them, because we have surrendered technology in order to master nature. Their weapons can destroy us; the only restraint is their need for pacifist self‐ justification. They need their justification in order to destroy us – but we shall show them reason, despite their targeting from the death ships above. My friends, my companions, my family – do you trust me?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 92
The sun was far over the horizon, scaling its light up through the threaded branches of the trees – and in a strange illusion, the heads of the Clan were illuminated, but their bodies were not, turning them into still candles.
One by one, they nodded.
Roman turned to David.
“All right,” he grunted. “Show me.”
David blinked. “What?”
Roman shrugged. “You say that you have mastered history, broken the cycle. Show me.”
“You mean – on a screen?”
Roman laughed. “Already you are failing. No, take me in a ship and show me your world. You are an empiricist – let me judge for myself!”
David paused. “That is kind of an – open ended bargain. How will you know?”
“Civilization always lacks certainty. You might learn from me, join me out here. I will know.”
David sat down heavily, rubbing his face. “So I – take you to the Civ, you – look around, and – what if you approve?”
“Then we will join you.”
David laughed involuntarily. “Oh come on – look at the – sacrifices you have made, for how long? Who knows? You’re just going to – what, jump out of the woods and join me in a Jacuzzi?”
“A what?”
“Doesn’t matter, sorry.”
“I give you my word.”
“Your word is – if you think the Civ is sustainable, you give up the woods?”
Roman gestured at the Clan. “We all do – don’t we?”
Various nods.
David said: “And if you – end up thinking that the Civ is unsustainable, or wrong – bad – in some way?”
“Then you leave us in peace.”
“Done!” The word was out of David’s mouth before he even thought. Appalled at his own impulsiveness, he added: “We will need to get this in writing of course.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 93
Roman smiled. “In blood. Of course.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 94
Chapter 13
I open my eyes, and see the white room I died in, and I know I am in heaven – or hell – or some kind of afterlife.
I hear a soft beeping, and wonder if that is my soul breathing – hah, but there is no need for a heartbeat after death…
From the corner of my vision, I see – sitting beside my bed – a woman with long dark hair, leaning forward, half‐asleep perhaps – but what would the purpose of sleep be in the afterlife either?
I see her, and I feel my heart – or where my heart would be, probably a hole in my soul at the moment – it breaks, I am cracked open like a dropped egg full of tears. I feel the tragic tickle as they stream down the side of my face, and I have a sudden urge to stick out my tongue and lick them, to see if there is salt in heaven…
I then feel a desperate and deep chill in my soul, that there is only one person to greet me, and that person has fallen asleep – and then I know who it is, and an audible sob escapes my throat.
Power is sadness – power over sadness is the whole point… Anyone who has achieved anything starts from a canyon of tragedy – the muscles you build climbing out of sorrow allow you to climb past the clouds, and become the sun.
These analogies tumble from my brain like a poet crapping from a plane – even that one surprises me, shocks me with its vivid awfulness…
Jane sits by my bed, and she had gone to death over fifty years before me – she sits by my bed, as I had sat by her bed, how many years ago, in life, above…
You don’t know how to love, when you grow up with ambition and success and conditions… My father was a fisherman; he fished me out of the lukewarm lake of the average, with the bait of his approval – and the hook of his approval as well.
My mother was busy, she had a lot of lunches to attend – and the greatest joy I ever saw on faces belonged to strangers. My mother did not take much pleasure in me, but she enjoyed the pleasure I gave to others. I was there to serve her needs, I understood that… I didn’t resent it – I was happy and relieved that she was so clear in what she wanted. I was desperate to get out of my crib, my carriage, my confinement – my baby‐burrito of swaddling – so that I could keep her attention by gathering flowers and cooing smiles from strangers. I was nothing when I was a baby – an inconvenience, a status symbol, an interruption I suppose. And babies are boring – and manipulative as hell – I know that from my own children – though I suppose my heart had softened by the time I became a grandfather…
The thought suddenly strikes me, as I feel the blood start to creep to my extremities: What age shall I be in this afterlife? I am not a baby, but I don’t feel old and used up, like I did before I – died…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 95
And then another thought strikes me – what the child abuser said in Dostoyevsky’s novel ‘Crime and Punishment’ – what if the afterlife is just a little bathhouse with flaking paint, full of spiders?
But no – the air tastes different, but I am still breathing. My eyes – God above, they seem sharper than I remembered, and of course I have no glasses on – together, we scan the room I am in, looking for any flaw, any crack, any imperfection, any fragment of mottled mortality – anything that would indicate I am in the crumbling world of tragic reality.
There is nothing, nothing that I can see…
Everything is perfect, like a computer program, or a – a simulation of some kind.
I desperately try to remember what I had learned about – God, what is the word, between heaven and hell, where you labour for thousands of years to redeem yourself, to make yourself perfect for… The in‐ between afterlife – not entropy, not… Oh God, what is the word..? A place of confrontation of evil and a hand‐cramping grasping for redemption? A place where you had to stare in the mirror and learn to stop screaming in order to graduate?
It is no use – the word will not come… I’m even close to the shape of the letters; I’ll have to stop thinking about it in order to receive the grace of possible knowledge…
But suicides don’t get to heaven…
I shudder viscerally, and want to rip the clothes from my body, rip the covers from my clothes, rip the flesh from my bones – because if it is her beside me, then I am in hell, and perhaps this is my short reprieve before the suffering truly begins…
But what did I do to deserve hell?
I suddenly feel a strange – sensation in my chest, or just below my chest – in my diaphragm, where a body seems to awaken and wriggle its fat arms within me – a god‐baby that has sat judging me my entire life – a baby I buried under money and sex and power and – greed, the greed that came from denying where I came from…
But that is all nonsense – offensive crap! Anyone who achieves anything has to create and carve themselves from nothing, from rejection and void and scorn and conditions and superiority and inferiority and dominance of the evacuated, the condemned…
The words tumble within me like – like paratroopers abandoning a flaming plane.
But there is nowhere to fall if you are already in hell…
I try to move my arms, but they feel frozen to my side… I imagine an armless torso with giant sausages beside it, and almost laugh – but I am afraid to laugh, because I am terrified that it will come out as a hysterical cackle, and bring the curious knife‐toothed devils through the doorway…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 96
And what if – what if hell is nothing but being alone with your thoughts? What if the body beside me never wakes up, what if I can never move my arms, what if the beeping never stops, what if the light never changes and my vision never decays? What if I am bound in bed for eternity, with my thoughts racing to avoid the baby in my belly?
I try to think: What hell would I create if I were the Head Devil?
I would create a power lust, with no one to subjugate…
Do I – have a power lust at the moment?
Of course – I yearn for power over my body, my thoughts…
And power to – to either wake up the girl beside me, or keep her asleep, dead and purple‐necked forever…
But I can move my eyes – that much I can do. I try turning my head, and find that it moves slightly. I feel a rush of relief flooding my bone marrow – but I suddenly can’t remember if I could move it before, when I was trying to look around the white room, and my relief evaporates instantly, like water on a red skillet…
What if slight movement is all I am allowed?
I feel a great sudden rage at the situation, my environment, and my own scattered and random thoughts.
I am a man of action, a king ape – I am designed to stride the world like a colossus, not lie in bed looking for cobwebs in the wild hope that I am not in hell…
I pour all my energy into moving my limbs – I have a desperate desire to leap from my bed and tear down the blank white walls that surround me, that make me feel like I am trapped inside a hollow dice – and even though I suddenly feel certain that, if I were to tear down these walls, nothing but burning lakes and grinning red‐eyed spider‐skulls would hang beyond my cell.
I would rather have the knowledge – I would rather know where I am than have to guess until I go mad…
And if I am in hell, within one spin of this infernal planet, I will rule!
I almost laugh at the thought of subjugating Satan with charm, bribes and threats – the standard route to power – so that a legion of assembled devils would vault me up to the fiery throne – and I genuinely feel in the moment that I would rather rule in hell then serve in heaven…
And damn, I would be fantastic at tempting mortals – as I was tempted, and as I…
The word “succumbed” floats into my head, and I feel the god‐baby in my belly open its mouth to cry, but I force it into a yawn – and feel a thrill of power that it works.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 97
I think I sense movement from the girl to my left…
The random patterns of my brain suddenly blow into nothing, like a child’s silver bubbles before the ghostly slap of a hurricane.
Heart pounding, beeping increasing, I try to crane my head, to turn my neck, to look and see, but it’s like trying to move a giant boulder with my fingertips…
I feel abject terror – a fear I could never remember feeling before, in my adult life – as I imagine Jane looming over me, accusing me of murder…
I didn’t kill – her, I never killed her, she died because…
But the words fall over the edge of my mind like leaves over a waterfall.
Why did Jane die?
You are here to find out. You are here because you never asked that question…
I sigh – or try to.
Oh great, now there’s another voice in here…
You are here because you think this is a new voice…
Jane…
She was always an unusual girl, which is why she had a closed casket…
My throat thickens. More tears spill from the sides of my eyes.
If I could only look at her directly, I could see whether she had a face. If she has a face, I am in heaven – if not, I am in hell…
The beeping changes slightly – at least I think it does – and it suddenly reminds me of my alarm clock, when I was – when I was little, I can’t remember the year, my year, because none of my years felt like mine I suppose…
The alarm would wake me, and I would be desperate for sleep, for oblivion, for non‐existence, because I hated getting up, to slip from the open seas of dreaming to the narrow train tracks of my daily existence – the tracks laid by my parents, their disapproval, my future…
I would wake, and flow like senseless water through the carved channels of my routine – the channels that led me to the summit of my existence, the peak of my power – and I appreciated all that later, but at the time, I remember feeling a great ancient weariness in my young heart, as I arose in the dark to dress and stretch and brush – and then to eat a silent power‐breakfast of two hard‐boiled eggs and a smear of peanut butter, which always reminded me of skid‐marks in underwear…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 98
And then to be driven in the dark, in the slowly‐glowing light of another day, through the sleeping city, past the houses of children still playing in their dreams – a soldier of future fortune, destined for greatness, discipline branded into my skull like a hissing tattoo of endless ownership…
And then, into the white cube with the red lines – so much like my current room, the inside of an empty dice – no, that is wrong; the singular of dice is – die…
And the pounding leaping thwack of the black ball – first with yellow dot, then a blue.
The snarling encouragement of the coach, the diagramming of strategy, the video review of my opponents, the narrow jumping exercises, the lunges, the feeling that my day should be done when everyone else’s was just beginning – the showering alone – and the feeling that getting to school should be lunchtime, when it was just after breakfast.
In the winter, my hair frozen, hanging and swinging like a thatched ice roof over my forehead…
And then, the Mandarin lessons after school – first thinking I would be learning about oranges…
The tutors, the constant feeling of exhaustion and overextension and the inevitability of disappointing my parents – the slow stoking of rage of subjugation…
And then, leaping forward‐ to puberty? My father laughing and leaning forward in his overstuffed leather chair, his breath the hot scent of foreign cigars…
“It’s good that you learned to hate being subjugated – that was the point, kid!”
A hard thumb stabs a soft palm.
“Because you hate it so much, you will never let it happen to you ever again!”
I imagine my mother floating through the air, invisible except for her earrings, laughing softly, as if it is all part of the plan, as if my entire adulthood was drawn by my parents, my circumstances, by what I thought was our mutual ambition – like a ‘connect the dots’ picture…
I suddenly remember one of those books that I had, when I was very little, given to me by – not by someone in the family, God, or anyone close by, because it had no purpose other than pleasure…
I would start – I would hunt for the ‘1,’ and then draw to the ‘2’ – and I would wait for that moment, that thrill of excitement, of recognition, when I would see what the picture was going to be, from a bare half‐drawn outline – a bear, a starfish, a clown, an angular pentagram…
And maybe that’s what happened in my life – other people drew the lines, and eventually I saw the shape that my life was going to take. I wasn’t the numbers, I wasn’t the lines, I wasn’t the hand – perhaps I was the paper, the raw material necessary for everything else to have purpose…
You are running from Jane…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 99
I shuddered, because the voice had a strange accent I could not place, and it certainly wasn’t my voice, it was too deep and broad…
Hello, my Devil… I murmur, within my skull‐prison.
There is no response, but I can hear a faint fleshy creak, as if an invisible smile widened within…
Blackness, I am interr…
Return, jolt…
My father’s foggy voice telling me that life is a circle – you are busy from the age of thirteen to the age of eighty – in between, you have no time to reflect.
His own days were like a cannon being shot against a wall – the cannon being breakfast, and the wall being his bed at night. Everything in the middle was just a blur…
A leaning dark whiskey face, a nighttime confessional under my glow‐lit ceiling stars…
“Wait and see, son… Old age is your second childhood, when the dead come back to life…”
A gesture, a turn, the soft glug of a pour…
“Eh, when you’re old, the scorecard is in, the marks have been tallied, the reviews have been printed. The best way to live has been revealed by the decades. And you go back over your youth and try to figure out who took the right path…”
One of my first memories
riding in a train, pressing my face against the cold dusty glass, breath‐fogging the window and drawing lollipop people, frozen in the foreground against the blurred night of distance
rain blowing past, streaks of concentrated vision, drying
I was tired, lean my head on the glass, but keep one eye open
occasionally, in the flashing dark, lights rocket by
I see a scene that I could reassemble in my mind a moment afterwards.
a light shining on a broken playground – the swing‐set had toppled over completely, and I thought of death, very suddenly
Why would a family let a playground decay so badly? If their children were young, it would still be in use – if their children were older, it would have been taken down or kept up for grandkids…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 100
Death. It had to be – the death of a child. Who could bear the pain of tearing down a playground after burying a boy or girl?
A doze perhaps, another scene through the dusty streaks of drying rain…
I see a woman with her head lowered on a balcony, bathed in a soft sieve of yellow light…
I see the rising orange firefly of her cigarette, as she raises it to her lips.
Two thoughts overlap: Was she crying? Did she want someone to see her?
A tiny train station flashes by, and I see a young boy – alone – sitting on sacks of – something, I didn’t know at the time, but now I think it must’ve been grain.
He stares at the train, and through a trick of perspective, he seems to be staring right at me, and I shudder with a sudden chill, because I thought of death again – that the boy was a ghost, killed on the tracks perhaps, sentenced to sit and stare every night – and I had a sudden urge to pull the emergency cord of the train, to jump off and run back and demand that he explain himself.
You are thinking of your father…
Yeah, so what?
I remember that long‐ago midnight train ride – even the memory is like the scenes outside the window, flashing past with no sense of before or after – because interactions with my father were long stretches of darkness and manic motion – but occasionally, very rarely, a scene would flash by, illuminating – what?
More tears course from my eyes. I am relieved to feel them trickle down the back of my neck, like tiny silver threads trying to hug me, because it means that – or at least there was a chance that – I am not paralyzed…
Sometimes my father would open his mouth – so rare, so precious – and show an inner world of reflection and consideration – and I would feel a sudden hunger rising within me, to meet his words and bathe in their illumination, like a parched man in a desert finding wet sand beneath his scrabbling hands.
Your father was a torturer…
I shudder again, because I have no work to distract me from my voices. What the hell does that mean? He opened his heart from time to…
I was afraid of that voice, so I open myself to the explanation that arises within me.
My father showed me his heart like an eclipse shows darkness at noon – common enough to be possible, rare enough to be insanely – utterly – maddening…
Where was he when Jane…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 101
I realize I am holding my breath, waiting for that sentence to end.
I am afraid of trying to stop that inner voice, afraid of its escalation and its potential to undo me completely – but the voice simply stops mid‐sentence – or, to be more accurate, given what happened to Jane, near the end of the sentence – two words away to be precise.
Jane was the most popular girl in school – beautiful, athletic, academic – and a nice person (God, how long has it been since I viewed that as a positive attribute, rather than…).
Jane was everywhere, doing everything, helping everyone – although insanely popular, she did not develop that “resting bitch” frozen face‐mask, but was friendly to just about everyone.
She had no sense of self‐protection, she had no sense that – that…
That you were in the world…
I gasp.
Where am I? Who are you?
The voice says nothing – but I sense a great cavernous interstellar disapproval, and realize that I am trying to put the voice at a distance, outside myself, beyond – beyond…
The thought fails me, the words will not come.
I am closer to remembering the state between heaven and hell – not entropy, but something like it. The syllables jumble against each other in an unformed background, like faceless crowds of pink eggs in the distant bleachers of an impressionist painting…
It is getting closer – closer…
A thousand years of – purgatory!
Purgatory – that was the word, the gateway to riches for priests who could reduce your time there for a fee.
Purgatory, a place of confrontation with sin and the expulsion of the catastrophe of the physical – the chance to burrow up from the flesh and head to the encircling stars in a puff of pure transcendent being…
Is this purgatory?
This is the place of judgement for your sins…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 102
A half‐snarling laugh rises in my taut throat. To hell with that! Sins? I guided my country, I got things done, I liberated an entire nation, I provided – I provided for my family, and made sure the children of the land had enough to eat. I raised reasonably successful children, I stayed married to my wife…
My breath stops. What the hell am I doing? Why was I thinking of Jane, gone these many decades, forever and a day – before thinking of my wife, who bore my children and supported my elevation to the peaks of power, and who stayed with me like a trainer taunting me on a treadmill, to run faster, but never reach him…
My mind goes blank for a time – how much time, I had no idea.
Was that a movement from the dark‐haired woman to my left?
I suddenly think that Jane has been waiting for me in this maddening chamber – this inner die – for over sixty years, waiting for me to come and explain myself – as if I could…
The next thought was darker: as if I would.
Does she deserve an explanation?
Well, you run from your past, that’s the nature of life – you run from it, and then it encircles you and swallows you whole. Everything we avoid we re‐create.
You avoided death…
I DID NOT RE‐CREATE DEATH!
The very thought made me feel like I was falling forever – that I had been falling forever – and I suddenly realized that if my little room were hurtling through space – no, I would know it, because I would be weightless…
My father always told me that I could achieve whatever I wanted, I just had to have a plan – and commitment.
“For most people, plans are just dreams – if you take three steps towards an actual objective, you are doing better than 99% of the useless eaters in this world!”
I remember him saying this, more than once – and for the life of me now I cannot decide if that was a flash of illumination outside the train window, or the yawning blackness between the lit vignettes…
Everyone loved the drama of Jane’s ending…
Everyone claimed to have been her ‘best friend,’ and wore black and talked in murmurs and created mix tapes of her favourite songs and played them in the quad and wept and talked in hushed tones about how life is short and fleeting, and to make the best of it, make the most of it, in honour of her.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 103
Jane was angry at her parents – I understood that, though I never would’ve said it aloud.
If you hang yourself in the closet of your parents’ bedroom – I can’t conceive of that level of anger – or yes, I can, I suppose, because I am afraid of the voice, so I will speak for it…
I wait. Nothing.
I was at the party, but I didn’t know what happened. I heard the rumours, that she drank, or her drink was spiked – the night that effectively ended her was shrouded in lies and misdirection and drunkenness and drugs and legally‐compliant silence, ordered by the Roman phalanx of lawyers that descended on the teenagers at that party, shielding them from a cowardly and ineffective police force.
All parents shield their children… Ours just – outsourced it, like holding hands…
I was in the process of becoming Jane’s friend…
My father on women: “Imagine a woman had nothing romantic to offer you – how interesting would she be?”
He would shrug.
“I’ve met verrry few living women who could pass that test – more than a few dead ones, but they pass the test mostly because they can’t talk back!”
My father had the powerful man’s habit of loudly laughing at his own jokes – as a signal for other people to join in, to show their deference and appreciation.
My father was offensive because he had power – as he would tell me, power is mostly the power to offend – that’s how you measure it at least. During the time of hysterical attacks on whatever caused offense, my father sailed over the panicking melee as if it didn’t exist, like – like a presidential plane flying over the storm cloud, serene in the peak of power.
“Power is not having to care about what other people think,” he would say to me – which wasn’t true, but just sounded good, like a fortune cookie you can read while walking off a cliff.
You only get power by caring about what other people think – understanding what makes them tick, and then using it to control them.
This was a refreshing honesty for me – power is precarious, because you can never say the truth about what makes it work: using fear to disassemble personalities so that you can invade and take them over.
Is this the purpose of purgatory? To strip away the tinsel and reveal the tree? Or – more appropriately, the roots?
It is amazing to me that I can remember Jane’s last name long before I could remember the word ‘purgatory.’
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 104
Middlebrook.
I stifle an inner giggle.
With that name, she should have been found floating in a stream, like Ophelia…
Wobbly things are cute when they’re young, but if they stay wobbly as they age, they just start to look ridiculous and – infertile – what an odd word…
Cutesy‐speak is fine in toddlers, but grating in teenagers…
Jane’s father was a deep thinker who understood nothing about evil. He thought that evil was a kind of error, that it could be fixed by reason and evidence. He thought that evildoers wanted to achieve an end, but were just mistaken about the right path – and thought that his own deep thoughts were like a murmuring GPS that would set people back in the right direction…
“Recalculating…”
My father taught me well – taught me better, infinitely better, which is why I became President, and Jane rotted in a closet…
I shudder – purgatory will not be kind to such vanity!
I’m really just playing with the idea. I don’t believe in the afterlife – and I won’t now, even if I am here.
My father told me bluntly, when he deemed me old enough to understand (he was wrong):
“‘Evil’ is just a word that losers invented to console themselves when they blew it. The zebra thinks the lion is evil, the lion thinks the hunter is evil – because they lose, and when they lose, they need a consolation prize for their vanity, and that consolation prize is that they are ‘good’ and the winner is ‘evil.’ Being called ‘evil’ is just a sign – a mark of honour really – that you are getting what you want in this life, and not settling for stupid word‐game consolation prizes. Your mother is a beautiful woman, and she was engaged when we met – which I loved, because it was just one versus one. If she was single, it would’ve been one versus twenty, or a hundred. And it’s easy to get a woman to choose you – all you have to do is drop hints that she can do better than her current boyfriend – or fiancé in this case – and then talk about all of your grand ambitions. Hypergamy, my boy – that’s the hidden switch of the ‘v‐bomb.’ If she’s looking up, she’s climbing up – just be the summit of her destination, and she will come to you.”
Cigar pull, whiskey sip, hand wave…
“So she dumped her fiancé, and married me – yeah, he was bitter, he called me ‘unscrupulous’ and ‘vile’ and ‘predatory’ – and I’m sure ‘evil’ too, ha ha. And he confronted me once, in a parking lot, and raged and shook his fist – I just laughed at him and almost said: ‘You’re just making noise, but I’m going home to bang her!’’ But then I remembered that everything can be recorded, so I just smiled and drove away. When you get what you want, you don’t need to retaliate – and all these moral terms were just invented
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 105
to try to shame people who get what they want, it’s the voodoo language‐revenge of the losers. But the winners write the history – all we have to do is ignore the losers who try to rewrite the fight as ‘good versus evil,’ rather than just ‘winner versus loser.’ Life is a sport, my boy. Don’t get sucked into talk about morality, that’s just a way of castrating yourself, and letting people with better words conquer you without even a fight.”
This was not just a still scene shooting by in the night outside the window – it seemed that these kinds of talk were the destination, the goal of the journey, they were repeated so often…
And I was doing this with Jane, who had a fiancé – and she genuinely seemed to think that this meant she could be friendly with boys, because they would respect that bond!
Oh Lord, she probably got that from her Socrates of a father!
Jane and – Matt – were one of those couples that had lasted from junior high school onwards, the ‘married couple’ of our high school. Matt was serious and scholarly and reasonably good‐natured – so obviously a copy of Jane’s dad that nobody even bothered to point it out. She claimed he had a private sense of good humour, but was relatively shy in public – which was just a cry for help really! Pretending that he had all these secret virtues that made him worthwhile – which no one in public could ever see – was just her way of screaming: ‘I don’t think he’s good enough for me!’”
But Matt had a vulnerability, a need for her, which arose from the fact that she was a bit of a late bloomer, and he got his hooks into her when she was lower‐status, not as pretty, not as curvy – and her brain had not developed much either.
I clearly remember a biology tutor telling me once: ‘That which is more complex, takes longer to develop.’ He was talking about human babies versus ducklings, something like that – but the sentence always stuck in my brain, and helped me a lot in my political career.
Jane’s brain – nothing spectacular when she was younger – rocketed to prominence in her mid‐teens. I’m sure that Matt bored her to death, with his long speeches about loyalty and investment…
At least she knew he wasn’t just into her for her looks, because he chose her when she was still a bit of an ugly duckling.
Anyone who insists he has value to you is just a leech and a drain, trying to make up in words for what he lacks in substance, in action…
And Matt – Matt, oh man I can I see him now, tall and just on the skinny side of slender, his pleading brown eyes insisting that the world conform to his theories, for the sake of ‘virtue.’
Matt wanted to change the world for the better, which always kills a woman’s libido – or a girl’s, in Jane’s case.
I mean – the odds of actually changing the world through words are so incredibly tiny that… Oh God who would bother? Maybe – just maybe, a hundred or a thousand years after your death, you can have
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 106
some affect – but as the old saying goes, a prophet is respected everywhere but in his own country – and his own house, which means by his wife.
Women desire men because men provide resources. A man is a portal to get resources so that a mother can feed and shelter her kids. Universal abstractions and calls to virtue and the scolding of evildoers puts no meat or drink on the table. Either the prophet is successful – in which case he is persecuted – or he fails.
In both cases his children go hungry.
Either way, the woman loses out.
Abstract improvements are always material disasters.
“Men tend to be smarter than women,” my father would say, “so the greatest purpose of women is the production of more male brains.”
It was a mark of his power over me that he could tell me these things, knowing that I would never use his words against him, and destroy his world.
So – I would sit with Jane and talk about ‘hopes and dreams.’ She was torn between a career and raising a family, because the rulers of this world are not stupid, and know that IQ is mostly genetic, and want to make sure that smart women don’t breed – so we dangle ‘careers’ in front of them to keep them barren. Careers make money; children cost money; careers pay off now, children pay off later; careers make you independent, children make you dependent; careers let you keep your figure and dress exquisitely, children turn you to kitchen pudge in sweatpants.
“What do I want from my life?” I would say to Jane with a shrug. “Meh, I don’t really like these kinds of conversations – no offense – because the only thing I want from my life is the living of it! I’m going to make money, I’m going to be successful, and I’m going to enjoy the hell out of it all. What that looks like in detail, I have no idea, and I don’t really care. I’m smart, reasonably attractive, charismatic, good with words. I have a successful family, I have a built‐in mentor in my father – not to mention his brothers – the world is going to be unjustly kind to me, and I’m going to love every minute of it!”
And I would see these words disappear into her, like burrowing gophers building an invisible underground city. And I would see her hypergamy rise within her, growing like a tree towards the light of my absolute and unencumbered ambition. The uncomplicated provision of resources is catnip to women, and I was laying a trail of simple coins from her heart to my bed.
I knew that my words would cause friction between her and Matt, who quite regularly tangled himself up in sketchy and wildly‐ambitious projects for improving the world – with no material benefit to himself, and great risk to his future family. He would – without a hint of sarcasm or irony – talk about ‘speaking truth to power’ – which I think is a fine piece of nonsense to say, as long as you don’t actually speak any truth to any actual power. Scolding Christians is one thing – it doesn’t take a lot of moral courage to criticize a group commanded to love their enemies – but if he ever took on any real power in
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 107
this world, his days would be dark, short and extremely unpleasant. Socrates talked about being a gadfly – and gadflies get swatted, as he was. Might as well rub yourself up with marinade and go swimming with sharks, thinking that you are bringing peace to the ocean.
I was consciously setting up a polar opposite to Jane’s boyfriend – and she didn’t even seem to be aware of it.
I held tangible wealth before her female eyes – while Matt held out the faint possibility of future fame in the next century.
Men can reproduce through ideas, women need babies. Anyone who doesn’t understand that equation doesn’t understand women at all, and will fail, and be left alone, muttering mean moral words about the winners.
It was a war of words, a war of wills, a silent combat over the greatest treasure – and, shockingly to me, Matt won!
I never knew what he said to win, but I’m sure it had something to do with Nietzsche and the will to power and amoral resource‐acquisition and her future children being abandoned by a materialistic father – as if fathers are there to play pattycake and dress up dolls – and her future regrets at pursuing money over meaning – I’m sure that he drew with air‐quotes a very vivid moat around the natural greed of her future children, and was able to successfully bar me from entry.
I was utterly unused to losing, but I knew enough about winning to know that such a loss could never go unpunished!
I also knew enough to know that I should not insult myself by pretending that Jane was too inconsequential to mourn. Nietzsche did say – and I agree – “Never leave your actions in the lurch.”
I valued Jane, I wanted Jane – I treasured Jane, which is close enough to love to count – and I wasn’t going to pretend that she was suddenly worthless because she rejected me. I knew that lie would diminish my future desire, since my desire would know that it could be flushed away on a whim, on a dumb rejection.
Jane was not a confrontational person, so she never told me why she drifted away, but she started suggesting that we hang out more with friends, and less one‐on‐one – and then she went away for a summer, and barely contacted me – God I hate that word ‘busy,’ it’s such a lie, at least for women…
Of course, my friends and boon companions circled her, all vying to outdo me by capturing what I had lost.
I’m guessing Matt was ambivalent about this new interest in his girlfriend from powerful sons. He wanted to change the world for the better, and I imagine that he fantasized that access to powerful people would help him – like we are just moldable pieces of useless clay, to be shaped by the airy words of some language‐based loser. ‘Oh, you’re gonna call us immoral, you’re going to say that we have
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 108
responsibilities, you’re going to try and use us to achieve your goals – well sure, you can have all of our power and money, because we definitely achieved our summits of influence and leadership by listening to teenage losers full of insults pretending to be plans!’
It’s all so laughable, such a lesson that has to be learned every single generation, over and over – you cannot shape the powerful with the soft useless words of moralizing. We only became powerful by rejecting moralizing, and accepting the mammal facts of getting stuff done, of winning women and making babies. You can have your words, we’ll just take the world…
And I knew these – sharks were circling Jane – and I also knew that they would be my vengeance.
Chapter 14
My friend Hamish was predatory, man ‐ cold‐hearted even by my standards…
I was able to freeze my heart in the pursuit of power – or rather, freeze one half of my heart, the half that felt what others feel – and use that excess heat to fuel the other half, that burned to dominate and control.
Hamish had had it rough, no doubt – his father went slowly mad, in a grating, whining, insistent follow‐ you‐around‐the‐house‐nagging kind of way. Crazy parents who go random are one thing – crazy parents who get obsessive and invasive are quite another. His dad was a low‐rent manager in some boring industrial concern – the kind of guy who wears a polyester short‐sleeved shirt with armpit stains and an empty pocket protector. He was never much of anything – I met him when he was still pretty functional, and he was terrifying in his bland, predictable, ‘forgettable face in a crowd’ kind of way. I mean, we all end up being forgotten, in one way or another – at least all of our secret thoughts vanish and scatter like morning dew (unless someone writes them down of course) – which is why I want to have power – if you have power, who cares about being forgotten, you have extracted everything possible out of life already…
But Hamish’s dad was a blank wall, a polystyrene construct of a pretend human being – he had standard statements and standard jokes and standard opinions – a mirage of identity, hovering over a deep chasm of nothing. He was too frightened to live, so he just paraded and pretended and regurgitated. And life has a way of erasing those who erase themselves – after a while, his dad just started slowly going around the bend. It wasn’t exaggerated to begin with, although it quickly progressed to that – he would forget a few things, be unaccountably late or absent – but soon he would obsessively begin to pick at something – at someone in the house – his wife, their cats, or Hamish. I was there one night when Hamish’s dad took objection to something Hamish was wearing, and barred his exit from the house until he promised to change his belt.
Everyone knows how it goes in the teenage years – you comply and comply, and then, in a moment, you stop complying, and you are willing to fight to the virtual death rather than submit. Any parent with half a brain plans for this inevitable rebellion – but this all happened at the worst possible time. Hamish was
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 109
screaming at his dad, his dad was screaming back, his mother was hiding upstairs – and it was all so useless, so pointless – you wouldn’t believe how many people bleed off their essential energies on stupid fights of no importance. Everyone thinks that these fights have some hidden and significant meaning, but it’s just not true. People battle themselves into atoms over a lipstick colour, the length of a skirt, who drank the last milk, who forgot to refill the car – combat energies that should be reserved for the end times, for Ragnarok or resurrection are squandered on stupid nothings – and people end up hating each other over whether a son is wearing the right belt, or one that is a little bit worn.
I remember Hamish screaming with rage at his father, that he hated the crazy old man – and his father with stupid avoidant stubbornness insisting that Hamish change his belt, that no self‐respecting man would leave the house wearing a worn‐out belt. Of course, thinking about it now, the belt was the dad’s mind – worn to a thread, ready to snap – and that reminds me how often people sink their brittle yellow mental fangs into an analogy that represents themselves – but genuinely believe that they are fighting something external, which is why the fight never ends.
Hamish was my ‘poor relation’ – his mother had come into money from some distant relative, and he was heaved up from the lower classes into our exclusive school – ha, I guess he was the school’s ‘poor relation’ as well. He knew he didn’t fit in, and like most families that came into sudden money, he used it to detach himself from his former poverty‐stricken strictness. People who grow up poor can’t really afford to screw around, unless they want to sink into the general quicksand of the welfare state – and so he was disciplined as hell when he was younger, by all reports – but when his family got money, his father went crazy, his mother got sick, and he squandered his money like a formerly‐fat girl squanders her virginity. He bought computers so powerful that they caused the lights to dim when he turned them on – he bought a jeep, invested in random startups, got taken for everything – almost – and was about to sink back down into the lower classes, his trajectory like a cannon shot high in the air, returning from whence it came – when his mother died, and he inherited more money from her, from her death, her insurance.
Getting money dissolves the poor; losing money dissolves the rich – it’s better for most people to just stay where they are, where they started, and not get – notions above their station, as the old British saying went. Poor people who get money are like accidental immigrants to a wildly foreign culture that they can never understand. Their money pushes away everyone they grew up with, all their relations, everyone they know – but it doesn’t bring them any closer to people who have learned how to live with their money, for at least a couple of generations – so they end up adrift, abandoned, homeless, without a tribe. Their poor relations claw at them, both trying to bring themselves up, and bring them down – but their isolation and desperation keep all the members of the old money club at a distance. Also, what’s the point of getting to know someone who recently came into money, when odds are they will just end up flailing and falling back into their poverty?
But I liked Hamish – he was crazy talented – he could play guitar, sing well; he wrote music, wrote bitter short stories, acted in plays, learned the arcane and ancient art of darkroom photography. He was not very attractive; he had a kind of low‐rent elfin look, with his half‐pajama shirts, skinny jeans and cobblers shoes. Knowing his limitations, he decided to go for the ‘too cynical to breathe’ shtick.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 110
People who come into money also think that they are coming into attractiveness, but the alpha females of the old money club are well aware of how dissolving new money can be.
Socially, we all like to wait for at least a couple of years ‐ a couple of generations sometimes ‐ just to see if the money sticks around, or if the idiots just blow it and vanish. Are they a stable boat, or a leaping whale?
I didn’t think that Hamish would sink back down, at least not all the way – he had too great a horror of poverty to end up tumbling down to the bottom of the stairs – but accidental good fortune is the greatest spur of vanity in the human heart, and because he had money, he also thought he had acumen, intelligence and wisdom – so he was pathetically easy to exploit.
He tried dipping down to the middle classes, to show off his money and scavenge among the materially‐ desperate daughters of the endlessly striving. However, his corrosive cynicism put off the fathers, who worked to squelch any budding romances.
Hamish knew, deep down, that he would need to dip even further, to the daughters of the single mother brigade, who would leap at his money like suicidal fish into a bloody boat. But that was too far down for his pride – so he flirted and skirted around the edges of our alpha females, our precious egg‐ maidens ‐ who were polite and distant and utterly un‐tempted.
Jane was another matter, but she was a lock to his key, so to speak. Her father had earned his money, but somewhat by accident, by being an early adopter of bitcoin. He had foresight and a good knowledge of economics, but he didn’t gather his resources by sweating to provide value in the free‐market, so his new wealth affected him in a way ‐ pretty similar to inheritance.
Jane’s father considered himself superior to the masses – even superior to our old money club – but would never admit it, and so paraded around with false humility that was blindingly obvious in its hypocrisy. Daniel viewed everyone as irrational, as wayward projects to be saved by charts and graphs, and so was unwilling to learn from anyone. People comfortable with money hate being lectured to about economics – people comfortable with power hate being lectured to about morality – and so Daniel and his family ended up fairly isolated. They were all pretty athletic, and so the old‐world hyper‐ competitiveness of the old money club was willing to overlook his false‐humility haughtiness, because he and his wife were good at tennis. They were invited, they were chatted with, but they never got anywhere close to the inner sanctums where the real relationships, the real value – and values – were informed and reinforced.
I was there at the dinner party were Hamish first met Jane. He refused to stare at her, which was a great and obvious mistake – she was so worthy of being stared at (particularly at first meeting) that to look away was a sign of the greatest possible interest.
The older generation was talking about the crisis in mental health care – Daniel was insisting that the turning‐out of mental patients into the street was a socialist plot to undermine society. He had some
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 111
good arguments, and some reasonable data, but because he had spent all his energy researching, rather than learning how to be pleasant, he just ‐ drove people away from his position.
I watched Hamish’s cheeks get redder and redder, until he said, gesturing with a hunk of bread:
“I don’t know where to put crazy people, but they are not amusing at all to have around the house.”
Jane was always fascinated by deep emotional issues masquerading as abstract arguments. She leaned forward, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. “You sound like you have some personal experience.”
Caught, Hamish froze. He could not minimize his experiences; too many of us knew about his family.
“Well,” he said, “you do get to learn a lot about – attention to detail, when you live with a manic obsessive. I can’t leave home with a hair out of place.”
To understand why this was funny, you had to know that Hamish’s hair was a bushy tangle of Scottish steel wool.
Jane frowned. “Is that – something to joke about?”
Hamish gestured airily, and then – rather insultingly – took a bite from his dinner roll and spoke through the fragments. “What are you going to do? You laugh, or you cry.”
“Oh, but you must cry about it, sometimes.” She turned to the table as a whole. “You all know about this, is it his father? Is it your father?”
His eyes narrowed. “Why would you assume it was my father?”
She pondered for a moment. “Some – mental issues seem to be more – masculine. What is going on in your home?”
Hamish looked at me helplessly, insisting with his eyes that I interrupt this question. We all hid tiny smiles, not wanting to stall the coming entertainment.
“Oh, I’m sure I don’t want to bore everyone here with my little – troubles,” shrugged Hamish.
Jane compressed her lips. “Is it really a bother though? We talk a lot about – things that don’t mean a lot. No – I think you brought this up for a reason.”
Jane’s father laughed. “Oh no, we’ve hit a gusher – break out the couch!”
She shot him a look of annoyance, but obviously chose to confine her reaction. She turned back to Hamish. “If you don’t want to talk about it, you don’t have to of course.”
He had the lower‐class sting of reaction – we all felt it, the perceived humiliation of being given permission. God it was entertaining!
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 112
“I don’t mind talking about it,” said Hamish loudly. “Every family has their…” He gestured around the table. “I’m sure there are more than a few batty aunts and uncles floating around the belfries of this – gathering. It’s – it’s – just something we – deal with. The mind is a funny thing, and sometimes the joke is on – us.”
His speech was pressured. We struggled not to laugh.
Jane leaned forward – I almost expected her to put her hand on his forearm. “What has been going on?”
“That’s – a big topic, I’m afraid. Perhaps another time…”
Jane’s eyes widened slightly. “Oh – Hamish, isn’t it? Hamish, we talk a lot here about all these abstract issues, but when something tangible comes up, in our midst, I think it’s more interesting to talk about that, don’t you?”
Her positive attitude was annoyingly contagious. I could see Hamish struggling not to soften. My friend to my right dug his elbow into my side.
Jane’s father said: “Your father is going through some – issues, right?”
“He’s going mad.”
There was an awkward silence, and I mentally applauded Hamish, for regaining his status with the simple statement of fact.
Jane said: “Mad – how?”
Hamish shrugged. “Does it matter?”
“I think it does. It does to me, at least.” Her voice was gentle, like lazy honey.
Hamish took a deep breath. Everyone stared at him – it was so vivid!
He laughed, a little shakily. “Well, if you do want to know, he – he’s – becoming kind of vague, and abstracted – but at the same time, he’s focusing on these tiny details and obsessing over them, and you can’t move anywhere, or lift a finger, without satisfying these endless – train tracks in his brain. This morning, there couldn’t be a crumb on the dishes before they went in the dishwasher – yesterday, we had to check all of the carpets for loose threads. Last week, all the pants had to be taken from the closet and pressed perfectly. And you can fight this – and sometimes I do, because I don’t want to go crazy – but other times it’s easier to just – let it happen, or make it happen, so that he gets some – ease, I guess.”
Jane considered his words. “And where is your – mother in all of this?” She glanced around the table, suddenly embarrassed. “I don’t want to bore everyone – not that you’re boring, Hamish, but this might be more of a private conversation…”
My mother smiled and gestured for her to continue.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 113
Hamish took a slow breath. “My mother is – not well either, but it’s physical, not mental.”
“Oh gosh I’m so sorry – what is it?”
“Cancer.”
There was a silence at the table – particularly for the older generation, the demon‐word they most feared had been uttered, and all appetite vanished.
“That is terrible, terrible – tell me, are you getting the support that you need?”
Hamish shook his head slightly. “I’m not – I’m not sure what you mean.”
“Well, do you have nurses and – aides – and, I don’t know, what else? Do you have family, extended family, do they help?”
Hamish paused. “Extended family – don’t have much to do with us.”
No more explanation was needed – new money was an isolating virus, we all understood.
Jane turned to her father. “Dad, we’ve – you must know something that can help in this kind of situation.”
He cleared his throat awkwardly. “I’m – happy to help, but – it really should be coming from – Hamish, if you don’t mind me saying so. Hamish – do you need any help? I’m sorry to be asking, we don’t really know each other, but – well, I guess we do now!” The way he said it brought slight laughter to the table.
Hamish worked his jaw from side to side, as if masticating his potential words. “They’re terrible with money, no idea how you could help…”
Dear God!
That was such a wonderfully cynical statement – so delightfully nihilistic – that mental applause ran through the minds of all the young men present – I could see it, flickering through their eyes like giggling ghosts.
Jane’s eyes widened as she understood the import of the statement. She curled her lip in slight disgust – and then – almost too small to see – a slight, tiny pout, which I knew was her sign of interest.
My father clapped Hamish on the back and said: “With that attitude, I’m sure that your money will be here to stay!”
There was general laughter, and topics moved on.
Hamish ate in silence, but Jane kept glancing at him, and I could see her feminine calculation, her stalled maternal instincts straining to encircle him and heal his wounds.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 114
Trashy needy men always want to encourage women to postpone motherhood, so that women will end up mothering them. Jane was a natural‐born mother, but she swallowed whole – as just about everyone did, I don’t blame her – the propaganda about going to college and having a career and having your own money and not trusting men, and waiting, and dating, and freezing your eggs – standard high IQ depopulation stuff, which can significantly reduce – or even eliminate – procreation among those most challenging to rule.
I’d heard she was the kind of kid who constantly scanned her environment for wounded birds, and would be disappointed if they flew away from her reaching healing hands. She had a deep‐seated hunger to make broken things whole, and so she was drawn to Hamish in a classically Freudian manner – she wanted to heal him, he wanted to sleep with her.
But as we all know, men will not change whatever brings female attention to them – he knew, deep down, that she was interested in him because he was broken, so he had no intention of fixing himself. A car that likes the driver will never steer itself…
But letting a woman mother you is endlessly frustrating, because unless she is extremely disturbed, the mothering kills any sexual attraction. Jane was not disturbed, just untutored – her parents were sunny optimists who believed that daylight always kept vampires at bay.
Hamish drew Jane into his circle of cynical friends – really, military companions in the sharpshooting of any cultural lights in the vicinity. They competed wildly in a scintillating ‘race to the bottom’ black comedy‐fest, where any slight hesitation in the free‐fall to dissolving infinity was marked as bourgeois fastidiousness.
There are birds who always prefer their eggs bigger, even to the point of absurdity – Jane was one of those; confronted with the internal‐rending cynicism of an entire tribe, she was drawn to try and mother them all. They played with her, like a fish on a line, promising reform and optimism and goodwill, but then would decay into blindingly obvious self‐destructive behaviours, which drew her more into the quagmire of their emptiness.
They constantly belittled society, but never turned their withering gazes on themselves. They judged and excoriated and insulted – endlessly – and turned any criticism of themselves into psychological weakness on the part of their accusers.
“Why are you so fascinated by me?” they would demand of any interrogators.
“I bother you because of you, not because of me!”
In this way, they drove everyone away who might have substantially improved them. Their cynicism was a near‐biological defense mechanism – an immunity response designed to keep the cancer‐killers of reason and evidence at a foggy distance.
I don’t know what kind of psychological death‐spiral kept Jane in their decaying orbit, but I do know that she proved unable to break free.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 115
“You can’t criticize drug use if you’ve never even tried,” they said.
“If you want to rescue people, there’s no better time to do it than 2 o’clock in the morning!”
“Kick off your welded‐on goody‐two‐shoes for once, and just learn how to relax!”
And so she dipped into their dead world, like a bad swimmer might dive deep to rescue a pet – never to float again, at least for a while…
Chapter 15
I was at the party, the party that killed her, and it was, until then, a rollicking good time!
Beauty and wealth often go hand in hand, because men with money marry women with looks, and those looks pass on to their children.
Pretty people, pretty houses, pretty cars – that the world wants to gorge itself to death on such ephemeral candy floss is not my invention, but I would be damned if I would not exploit it to the end!
We had a DJ, a Jell‐O pool, professional dancers, inflatables in the swimming pool, and all the booze and weed that young livers and lungs could handle.
New arrivals were told that the upstairs were off‐limits, which kept the bedrooms free for those in the know. There was a lot of fresh meat in attendance – people who had swallowed the nonsense that parties were just great fun, the stuff of Great Gatsby memories, where social status was cemented, the grappling hooks of giggling subjugation could be fired up to raise yourself to a higher level – that all the drinks and lights and shaking asses were a social oasis well worth betraying your parents, your conscience, your soul and your God to drink deep from.
We knew better – we had created this mirage of temptation; the purpose of the party was to undo innocence, and nothing else. It has always struck me as strange that people know for a simple fact that the devil is attractive, but still chase these pretty delusions off a cliff. Beauty is a gilded mousetrap that clamps down on your future – thankfully, priests no longer warn the young of this, so they follow their senses straight out of Eden.
The night was beautiful, the scent of young eagerness intoxicating; one could almost hear the panting desire of the newcomers to trade all their tomorrows for one – what? What did they want to trade everything for? We knew what we were after; I never had a clue what they really wanted; perhaps a commercial they could climb into and live in forever, becoming as flat as the screen…
Maybe everyone spent so many years watching people having fun that they imagined that fun was being watched, so they made fools of themselves to gain attention – but clowns are the lowest form of comedy, except life itself.
I never watched the video that was shot in that upstairs bedroom, but I heard that someone convinced Jane to dance on a table, to “let loose for once.” (It was amazing how these simple phrases could
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 116
command people, like remote control.) It was always with the implicit promise that if she did “let loose,” then her chiding words of constant instruction would be taken more seriously.
Hoping to gain credibility perhaps – and drunk perhaps, or the victim of a spike – she did dance on the table, to some foul low‐rent song – and the sharks knew they had her. They were live‐streaming, to all the envious excluded eyes, and whoever jostled her made sure to have Jane between him and the camera.
The inevitable ‘slow motion’ video setting was activated, so everyone saw in excruciating and exquisite detail Jane toppling from her disco perch, having people pretend to ‘catch’ her, and pulling her top and her bra from her chest.
Because of the slow motion, it took a few seconds for her face to change from pleasure to shock to horror – and before that change, she looked as if she were enjoying being topless. (Naturally, those were the stills that made the rounds.)
Once you got in deep with the sharks, there was no easy or pleasant or safe extraction. Either one of them slept with you, and shared his conquest – or, if you refused, same.
Broken people will always blame the kindness of strangers for failing to help them – a complete absence of self‐responsibility always gets its revenge.
As a man, I’m not entirely sure of the existential horror of public nudity, but for women – and in particular for Jane – it is a nightmare without end.
As a kid, I remember one of my mother’s friends rolling her eyes at her husband’s habit of stretching in his underwear in front of the window, while she imitated herself kneeling down and half‐crawling past the same window after her shower…
Delightfully incomprehensible, I thought at the time – as I have thought many times since.
Jane was untutored, unprepared for such inevitable exploitation. Parties are for the destruction of innocence, and boy did that one achieve its goal!
Her father should have told her that humiliation is a relationship, not an absolute. Refuse to be humiliated, stand tall and own whatever you did, and the bullies – who are bullies because they are paranoid about weakness – drop you and move on to easier targets.
You can gain status by being attacked – humiliation can transform into strength and power, but she could not make the leap, so she took the step…
Jane stayed home from school, which was a terrible mistake – I can’t believe her father let that happen. Going the creepy homeschool option is an open invitation to escalation. She showed fear – major error. She should’ve shown a combination of good humour and anger – she should’ve shared the memes and strode into school wearing a two‐egg halter top. She should’ve slapped whoever she knew was in that party room. She could have ridden this wave to the very top.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 117
Instead, she stepped off a stepladder, into nothing at all.
And it always struck me as strangely predictable – and does now, in this tiny room, trapped on a hard bed like a soft baby – that Jane killed herself in her parents’ house, not in the house of the party.
I can’t imagine what her parents said to her, but I imagine they blamed her for her indiscretion, not themselves for letting her slide into the jaws of the sharks. Probably her father dangled her over the predators in the hopes of gaining access to power, using her as a mouthpiece for his idiotic theories of abstract virtue – he had something to feel guilty for, and dumped all that guilt on her, and broke her into nothing.
It took three days for Jesus to come back to life, and it took three days for Jane to take her stairway to heaven.
Unknown number…
I was playing a sword‐wielding VR game when my phone lit up outside my fake universe, announcing a call from an unknown number.
I was in hot competition with an unknown online foe, and I didn’t care to lose because of a probable telemarketer, so I played on, swiping at the blocks like a mad conductor.
Afterwards, I got a call from Hamish, and we studiously avoided the topic of Jane, because we didn’t want to acknowledge that she might conceivably be in our thoughts. Something odd was going on, though, because he insisted that we plan to go hunting for Pokémons, something we had not done for years – it was the kind of regression that should have warned me of something.
“Hang on,” he said, as I was mildly protesting the hassle of reinstalling Pokémon Go. “Ah, never mind, unknown caller…”
I felt an odd shiver then – like a goose walking on my grave, as my great‐aunt used to say. A notification popped up that I had a voicemail message, and my hand literally felt frozen to my phone, as if I could will it to hold down the ‘1’ key to get the message, but it would simply refuse to obey. I felt a rise of nausea, and a hatred and impatience for every day I was living, all the stupid and wasteful moments of my waking breaths, and I suddenly wanted to be in Thailand, in a fishing village, pulling at simple protein, far from technology and floating coloured blocks and my family and – and my cell phone.
Hamish said: “I got a message, could be an old one, could be important – I’ll hit you back…”
Falling in slow‐motion fear, I dialed into my voicemail.
It was Jane.
Something in her voice commanded my finger – the way she said her name, the distant tinny disembodied voice, as if she had been cast back in time to a 1950s beach radio, abandoned in the midnight sand. My forefinger jabbed the ‘7’ button, deleting the message forever. The phrase ‘pity
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 118
party’ floated through my mind – my mother would say that whenever one of her friends complained, and I really hated the words.
I sat on the couch, staring at my phone, both wanting and not wanting Hamish to call back, to tell me whatever Jane had said that my finger would never let me hear.
I would like to say that the thought of raising the alarm did not cross my mind – and I did tell myself that, for many years – but now, on this bed, in this white room, the inside of an empty die, there’s no point continuing the dishonesty.
I could have called Jane’s father, her mother, 911 – I could’ve called Jane back, I could’ve texted Hamish, and we could have raced over. I could’ve called my own father for advice, but I quailed at even the hint of the notion that I had a problem I could not handle.
No, no…
I sat there like a lump on a log – another phrase of my mother’s that I hated – as the room grew dark, my heart grew cold and a particular set of shining train tracks narrowed ahead of me, radiating from my feet forward on the basis of my indecision and – and – what?
Why did I not act?
I don’t know if this was a fork in the road – everyone thinks that these forks go left and right, which is a total lie – the forks go up and down, down to the depths I inhabit in whatever state I am in now…
What did I want from wanting nothing?
It was truly nothing that you wanted…
My throat constricts – the voice is back…
What the hell does that mean? It’s just another way of rephrasing – rephrasing what I just said.
But not quite, not quite…
The thought arises in me that I wanted Jane to – not to die, necessarily, but fail in some monstrous fashion, so that I would not have to choose…
What? Choose what?
Why, whatever led me to where I am.
I could’ve helped someone, instead of staring at a darkening wall, a dead lump in my throat.
I should cry – I am human enough to know that I should cry, but apparently I only shed tears in self‐ pity…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 119
If I had called back, she just would’ve sucked me into her drama, and raged against me, and tried to pull me close, to staunch her wounds, and I would’ve had a full‐time job trying to prop up a hysteric who lost her life because she lost her top…
People that fragile, something in life will undo them, better sooner than later, saves…
No, that was too far, even for me. No one deserved – deserves…
If I had called her back, we would’ve been bound together forever, like a balancing act over a bottomless grave. She would’ve – she would’ve gained power over me, which I cannot abide, I cannot bear. I would’ve been mocked by my friends – ‘How’s the patient today?’
I can’t make the world a better place, and I can’t hit the gas and prepare an unprepared soul for the ravages of this planet…
And I sat in the dark, and I jumped up when my parents came home, and pretended to have been napping, because I couldn’t turn the light on quick enough to cover my inaction – and I went through dinner, and watched a movie, and listened to my dad complain about politics – casting terrified glances at my phone, waiting for the inevitable blowup – and nothing was noticed, nothing at all, no curious gaze was cast in my direction, no sudden questions about where my mind was, no queries as to what might be troubling me – and I realized, that night, that that is why I did not call Jane back. My family only recognized me as someone hiding – everything.
An absurd thought ripped into my mind:
If I had called Jane back, my family would not have recognized me, and would have shot me as an intruder…
Now the funeral was a funny thing; you always think of caskets going into the mud on rainy cloudy days, with bubbling violin sounds half‐drowning in the drizzle. Everyone moves slowly; women stagger, grim‐ faced men help them along… Children are yelled at for playing tag through the wet trees. A fresh tombstone rises like a single incisor against the mossy molars of old deaths. A gathering around a single hole reminds everyone that no one is visiting the other bodies – and everyone feels the sudden tiny shock of mortality, knowing that one day, they too will go into the ground, and stare at black velvet until the worms eat their eyes – and everyone makes sudden tiny resolutions about being better, doing better – which everyone forgets by the time the reception is over, like everyone pretends to diet until there are free cookies at the buffet. The sudden yearning to be ‘better’ is transformed into a greedy hunger for more and more and more, as if we can stuff that grave with money and power and status and sex, so there is no room for us, and we can live forever…
Jane’s funeral was a consciously‐tragic affair; an acoustic version of her favourite song – ‘Scar Tissue’ – was played and sung by a friend of hers, who clearly relished the chance to show off her talents; she knew she was being filmed for social media – a little stomach‐turning, but eh, what can you do, people
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 120
are people. And all the people she knew, and all the people she dominated – through no fault of her own, she was not responsible for being born beautiful and smart – and all the people she tried to help – they all came and stood in random circles and clumps, and cried at her passing – and were moved by their own crying, because that meant they were sensitive™ and good™ – and the sun shone down blindingly, and people refused to wear their sunglasses, so that other people could see their red eyes and occasional tears – the only rain that entire day was self‐pity – and Nature did not care one bit that a glorious creation of hers had gone to ground – the birds flew, the trees rustled, clouds could not be bothered to attend…
I saw a worm in the grass, sunning itself, enjoying the heat before diving into the wet dark for its new meal – and I suddenly found myself going through the mental exercise of imagining what she would be called on an underground menu – a ‘Jane‐wich’; a French restaurant would call her ‘Jain Pain’ – for bread – going to another language was lame, but I couldn’t think of any… Champagne Jane, although her pain was no sham – Brain Drain Jane; perhaps they removed her brain before she was put in the silk box vagina… Subdomain Jane, below she will rule the dirt with cracking beauty…
And now – Mundane Jane, just a body – a woman can fall from a great height into a lake, then she turns to stone and ceases to be, but the ripples of her impact never stop…
Hamish turned to me and pointed at a headstone of Jesus kneeling and praying, and said: “I’m not sure why Stone Jesus is diving for a volleyball…”
I felt some nausea in that moment, as if these words were a sentence passed upon me, upon all of us. I felt a revulsion, a certainty that there would be no escape from this giggling narcoleptic compulsion to make jokes at every expense – that none of us would ever feel anything of importance – that the singer was not thinking about Jane, but hoping she sounded good on YouTube – that everyone who cried was weeping to be seen, to be important – that we were all precious and self‐conscious and stuffing our hollowness with the empty eyes of empty people. And there was no one to talk to, nothing to hear, nothing to say that meant anything other than manipulation – and that we could not be honest because we were all so terrified – of each other – of disapproval – of the simple fact that all our ‘relationships’ hung by a skinny thread of conformity.
We were invited up to give speeches, and one by one, we all went, removing our hats to show off our hair, like an audition to be a human being.
The speeches were all the same, just rearranged...
My heart is broken, I loved her, though I didn’t know her as well as I wanted to, she was an inspiration, so helpful, here’s a detail about someone she helped that tells you all you need to know about her, I had no idea she was suffering this much, my deepest sympathies to her parents, she loved animals, she made everyone laugh, she was the life of every – well, no one wanted to mention the word ‘party,’ so they said – social gathering, I’m not overly religious, but I feel sure we will meet again, this song came on the radio that reminded me of her, and I cried and cried, I will always regret not doing more, she is in a more peaceful place, blah blah blah…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 121
And no one could say the truth – that would have been impossible, you would have been ostracized into interstellar space if a simple syllable of honesty had passed your lying lips.
No one could say:
I secretly loved her downfall – I shared those pictures on self‐shredding social media, I thought it was hilarious, like a nun at a strip club. I looked away when I saw her, I didn’t call to see how she was doing, I laughed with everyone else, I drove her with scalding whips of scorn right off the cliff, I bought the rope and tied it for her and helped her sobbing up the ladder, and kicked it away… I love the drama, I love the power I now hold over life and death; I will be feared, I will be obeyed – and I will be a slave to the conformity that only sometimes refrains from murder – but I don’t mind, because I have no idea how to live, so conformity is as good a system as any – and breaking from the crowd is now so dangerous that conformity is survival. I don’t have to be good, I just have to want to live, which I don’t have to even earn, it’s built‐in – so the great gifts Jane gave me are purpose and meaning – my purpose is to stay alive, my meaning is to destroy those who deviate. Jane did not die in vain – she gave me – all of us – an inescapable map for the rest of our unnatural lives…
Nothing gets you to lie like death… I remember being dragged to the funeral of a nanny when I was younger – I suppose I should have said ‘my nanny,’ but they never felt mine – and she had lived such a useless loser life that the only thing anyone could say about her – other than the platitude that she loved children, when all she really loved was a paycheck and daytime television – was that she put a lot of thought into the candies she chose to hand out on Halloween.
Even at the age of seven, I think, the idea that having slightly better Halloween candy as your legacy of existence was almost infinitely depressing to me.
The people who will remember her the longest are just – dentists… Maybe they will name their boats after her…
The thought made me giggle, but I knew enough to bite my cheeks, draw blood, and stay silent.
I guess certain losses are so profound that they can only find salvation in drama – Jane’s dad gave a long speech which touched and brushed and skirted around the central issues of reputation assault and social media bullying – you know, the standard ‘I wish people had acted differently’ stuff which allowed him to tell himself that he rolled his boulders of stone words through the collective assembly of selfish people – but this man who had suffered unimaginable loss still could not eviscerate the callow youths yawning in front of him – we held the power – he could only hint for the sake of his own conscience…
But we all lived and breathed for power over the good – that was the constant tension of our endless lives – power versus virtue. Of course, everyone wants to be good – every movie and book is about the triumph of virtue over evil – that is a central myth of our existence, but it’s all nonsense and vanity. If good people are ever allowed to gather power, they will flush us up into orbit – it’s them or us, we know that, because we have conquered the good within us. They don’t know this battle, because they have rejected the evil within them.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 122
Jane’s dad:
“I appreciate everyone who has come here for this day, for my Jane…” Voice wobble, deep breath. “She would be so touched, if she could see what I see… What I see is a community that – while it has imperfections of course – has joined together to mourn her. I’d like to thank Stacy for her beautiful song – I guarantee you that is the last time I will ever listen to it, no offense… Jane was special – I know that all children are special to their fathers, their parents – but I think we can all agree that there was something truly remarkable about her. She had a spirit and a passion and – a compassion – that lit up the world, as bright as things are – today. She took in all sorts of animals when she was little, all sorts of people when she was older – I have wondered if she was empathetic to a fault, but I can’t find any faults with her today, before all of you. She will possess the eternal grace of never growing old, of her beauty never fading, of the optimism and enthusiasm of her youth never decaying over the decades. She will never know any more – lack of concern, coldness perhaps – she will never see the exploitations of the world, the backs of…” (Here, we all knew that he was going to say ‘friends,’ and felt slight shame – and great power – that he refused to utter the word.)
He gestured at his wife, who sat with a stiff back, but her legs spread, as if about to give birth. “Marjorie and I have felt – feel – incredibly privileged to have known Jane for the short time she was in our lives. When any kinds of – these disasters – happen, you do turn inwards, and look for what might’ve changed things, what could’ve happened. I can’t – bring her back, but I can at least hope to bring some wisdom to this – gathering – so that none of you will ever have to go through what we are going through, which I doubt will ever stop…
“Of course we must live our lives knowing that the next step might be a landmine of tragedy, but walking on nonetheless…” (Here, Hamish stifled a giggle, because not even bottomless parental grief can excuse terrible analogies. I dug my elbow into his side, to poke out some more choked laughter.)
“Of course we must remember that life is short, and stay close to each other, and talk and listen as deeply and wisely as we can, and make sure that secrets do not – encircle each other, and take us down. And we must be – strong, in the face of…” (Here, he was about to say ‘bullying,’ but his silence swelled our power once more.) “…adversity.”
And then, shockingly, he went off script.
He leaned forward, gripping the podium. His bald head was so bright with sunshine that it looked like he was missing half of his skull.
“Did any of you get – did she call any of you before – she died?”
Our eyes widened, and we glanced at each other, wondering if any sane teenager would break ranks.
What the hell is he asking? Does he really expect anyone to admit any kind of culpability in Jane’s death?
Our parents were wealthy, we knew all about the possibilities of getting sued. Wild grief makes for exhausting lawsuits.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 123
“She deleted her call history, before – but I would like to have – a special relationship – with anyone she might have called, I don’t know if we can get anything from the phone company – but if she tried, if she spoke with – anyone, I really, really need to know what was happening in her mind, please, I know it’s a weird thing to ask, but I don’t know if – anyone will – or if anyone, all of you, will be assembled again, like this, and we don’t have any other children, so we will lose track of – all of you, we’ll be like frozen in your brains, moving into the past, with – Jane.”
There was a pause. Everyone was shocked. Parents shot warning glances at their children.
His voice deflated as he spoke. “It’s a lot to ask, I know, but it would really help Marjorie – me – if we knew anything about her last thoughts, Jane’s last…”
A wracking sob erupted from his chest and scattered his breaking words like a geyser. He nodded rapidly, signaled his thanks, and stepped down.
Afterwards, at the reception, we all avoided him like the plague, afraid he would wrestle us into some vestibule and demand we mind‐read a dead brain.
And then, unholy of unholy’s, Marjorie, his wife, insisted that we stand in a circle – awkward with the endless tables of finger food – and pray.
I didn’t know a single religious person – religion was lower‐caste, something you turned to when a tornado wrecked your trailer. Our parents rolled their eyes when her demand came, and I knew in that moment that we would never see Jane’s family again, because they had confessed their sentimental weakness – and it didn’t matter that it was sentimental, God knows we all did that from time to time – it only mattered that it was weakness, which was the one unforgivable sin in our lives.
Have they learned nothing from Jane’s death? I thought – and to ask that question was to answer it.
I remembered a man named Samuel – a business associate of my father’s – whose son had been killed by a gaggle of joy‐riding drunk teenagers. Samuel’s son was jogging along a country road – he wanted to get in shape for his upcoming wedding – and he was hit so hard by the truck that he was decapitated.
Samuel stood in the room – not unlike this one – and gave a reasonable speech, and shed no tears, and ate heartily, and chatted about weather and politics, and showed his usual irritation at his bumbling elder son – and I remember sitting, chewing on a tiny quiche, and staring at Samuel, wondering how he could swallow the life of his son, and not even burp. He was like an intransigent force of nature – I imagined that maybe he cried bitterly while alone, but, staring at him, I thought: if you didn’t know why he was here, what this reception is for, you would have no idea that he had lost a son.
I imagined that, if he were an actor, he would be fired on the spot. For God’s sake man, you’ve just lost a son, don’t act like your bored in church!
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 124
No – religion was weakness, it blunted your appetites and focused your ambitions and energies on the unreal. The afterlife was a consolation prize for life’s losers – the meek might inherit the earth, but not its mineral rights…
However, in the same way that Jane’s dad could not mention our viciousness – our weeding out of the weak – Jane’s mom could not mention our atheism – well, not even atheism, more agnosticism, because to be against something was to kind of affirm its existence, or value…
She mentioned that she knew the crowd was full of those who questioned their faith, but asked God above to take Jane into His ever‐loving embrace, and to keep her safe and happy until she and her husband could join her again – and I remember being struck by that word – safe – because it implied that there were dangers in heaven, wolves in sheep’s clothing that hunted the angels perhaps.
Oh well, mothers are always paranoid about danger, that was the root of my political power later on…
She was very good, I always gave her that – and I found a new respect for religious faith in that moment, where I had to shuffle around in order to avoid holding a boy’s hand, which would be mocked forever – and that respect lasted me for the rest of my life.
I almost fell in love with her vision, of protection and transcendence and a loving universe and a purpose to morality, and a strength in virtue. Virtue has so little power in the world – or at least, in my world – that it needs an all‐powerful protector, or enforcer – but that was not Marjorie’s vision:
“Dear Lord, we thank you for the gift of Jane, and accept your decision to bring her back to you. We are sorry for whatever role we played in her despair, and ask you to forgive both her and us for the gift she...” (She was going to say – ‘rejected,’ or ‘threw away,’ but no...) “...lost, in her sorrow. We ask that you bless the minds and hearts of everyone in this room, many of whom question their faith, or do not believe – we ask that you...” (For some reason, the word ‘bathe’ came to mind, but she rejected that as well.) “...surround them with your love and grace. There are those in this room who do not feel loved – and may have never felt loved...” (This was a dangerous poke at our parents, but I think Marjorie had accepted her coming ostracism.) “...and that is not their fault, that is just the fallen world we live in. And there are those among us who do not believe in evil – please counsel them about the danger of this – the danger of losing what makes us most human, our yearning for the universal, for the eternal, for the incomprehensible and beautiful. Fill everyone’s heart with all that is most – yearning, for good, for redemption – and yes, for forgiveness, in part for what happened to my Jane. Everyone has free will, I know that – but we all...” (She was going to say ‘touch.’) “...have an effect on each other, we are all bound together in everything that we do, and if there is a meaning to this senseless death, it must be that we vow to be good to each other, to stand up for what is right, to avoid – salaciousness and gossip and that which – destroys the good. When we turn to the eternal – that is our only strength to rise above the pettiness and conformity demanded by – by – what surrounds us…”
My father’s face was dark with anger. I saw him have an impulse to move towards Marjorie – but he was restrained by – something, and I had never before in my life seen him – stopped in such a manner. Was it respect for her grief? Was it..?
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 125
Her faith?
She said: “My children – you are young, you think you know everything, and I am a crazy old lady with crosses in her eyes – but I have learned something that you do not know yet. You must never compromise what you know to be right!” Her voice lowered, and – despite ourselves – we leaned forward to hear. We thought she was funny; we knew she was not.
“I know you are – all scared of each other, in a way, and that’s why – the least among you have the most power. It starts so early – I’ve been thinking about Jane, how I went back to work just… seven weeks after she was born, and I put her in a daycare, and she cried and cried, but I – I did what you do, I believed everyone around me, I sacrificed my girl, my motherhood, for money we didn’t need and a career that doesn’t matter… I can’t go back…”
Marjorie’s voice wobbled dangerously. “I had all my files sent to me, I’m shredding them, because I’m broken… I held a newsletter I had written, and I remembered staying late and missing half her birthday party, when she was five – and when I came, she couldn’t stop crying, and everything was ruined – and now this newsletter I sacrificed her for is going into the shredder, and she is going into the…”
We all flinched at the unspoken word ‘ground.’
“And you will be tempted by that as well, to give up your natural bonds for cash that just – evaporates… I gave up my daughter for a career, and now I have neither, I’m just someone on a cross for you to learn from. Why was she so – susceptible – to what you said? Because we lacked a – bond, she bonded with you, because she had to bond with the children in her – daycare.” Her face grew luminous with wonder at her sudden thought: “And that is too much power for you, to have you all bonded with each other rather than with – your parents, if that is the case, I don’t want to presume…”
She briefly genuflected before the altar of offense before plunging on.
“It really is about love, like all the songs and the poems and the sentimentality and the greeting cards say… Jane died for lack of love – it’s true!” she cried at her pale husband. “You’re busy, I’m busy, we have money and business cards and status and everything – except our daughter! And even if she had lived, she would have been gone from us – come on, how often do you talk to your parents? You did the same thing, they did the same thing – daycare and peer pressure and emptiness and ambition… We are going about it all wrong, and I don’t know why, I don’t know who benefits…”
Her eyes widened slightly. “Well, of course – you benefit, from power over each other – but it’s not real…”
And then she could have had a real moment of power, and detonated our entire social structure, but instead she turned her eyes away from us, to the ceiling, and launched herself into irrelevance by pleading with God once more…
I don’t even remember what she said. I recall feeling great relief – and some vague grief, at a fundamental missed opportunity…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 126
Jane’s funeral was an exercise in power – the petty evils we had all done remained unspoken; sentimentality and self‐pity and the preening of self‐conscious grief ruled the day. Nature blazed the scene in blinding sunlight; everything continued, the planet rolled through nothing, like words through our minds, and we settled deeply into the grooves of our future, where good people only had to satisfy their own scant conscience, not virtue itself…
And I wonder now – as I have not for years, though I suppose it has been a deep‐seated thought of mine for decades – just why Jane’s dad said nothing, while Jane’s mother almost said everything…
Knowing that the world has somehow silenced the virtuous gave me all the certainty I needed to become President.
Chapter 16
A few days after their bargain was struck, David went to pick up Roman in the wilderness.
In a concession to the older man’s preferences, they rode horses to the outskirts of the Civ. David knew that this uncomfortable butt‐cramping travel was a form of dominance‐play from the older man, but since it reduced the need for violence, he figured that he could suffer through it.
For the first hour or so they rode in silence, and David could feel the love that the older man had for the wilderness – it only seemed like wilderness from the city; out here, among the circling birds, pine‐ scented air and slow scuffling tread of the horses, the quiet and peace and – serenity – of nature was soothing.
Eventually, Roman grunted.
“I can smell your sentimentality from here,” he said.
“Excuse me?”
“‘It’s so pretty, nature is so nice, I should build a cabin in the woods, away from the city’ – it’s common, and total crap.” He swung a hand through the breeze. “This air is full of bugs that would kill you if they could. There are snakes under the leaves. All the knee‐high grass has ticks that would burrow under your skin and poison your blood. Nature is a total bitch, a cold‐blooded murderess who wipes out a billion lives a day. Men have always been destroyed by pretty women, because they think the prettiness goes all the way through to the soul. This bitch is not pretty. She’ll only let you live as long as you remember that.”
David nodded. “But enough about your wife...”
Roman paused, then threw back his head and laughed deeply. “You married?”
David nodded.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 127
“And you’re in charge of one of these – DROs?”
“Yes.”
“She pretty?”
David smiled and nodded again.
“Yeah, but that’s only because you’re in charge. Leaders get the pretty ones, way of the world. We have that in common at least.”
I can’t imagine kissing a woman who had never used a toothbrush, thought David, but declined to speak out loud.
Roman glanced at him. “Well, now that we’ve broken the ice, let’s kill some time in conversation. Tell me about these DROs.”
David took a deep breath.
“OK… Everyone has disagreements, that’s a constant fact of life, no matter what kind of society you have. The most basic question is: how are you going to resolve those disputes? When you don’t have philosophy, you have to have a central authority – a King, Chief or State – which is why central authorities always oppose philosophy. If people can’t reason with each other, they have to take their disputes to a central authority, which rules in favour of one or the other – and enforces that ruling with violence. But that doesn’t solve the problem, it only makes it worse. If people can’t disagree about how disagreements are resolved, there’s no quality or efficiency – or virtue – involved in dispute resolution…”
Roman scowled and swatted a fly. “This is the worst explanation I’ve ever heard in my life. What the hell are you talking about?”
David shrugged. “Fair enough. Let’s say I promise to pay you five hundred Satoshis for a – tree, I don’t know. And you give me the tree…”
Roman laughed harshly. “I’m not some total country fool, you don’t have to try and put everything in my eyes – particularly if you think I would buy a tree for five hundred Satoshis!”
“Okay, there’s an old term: ‘widgets.’ I agree to sell you a widget for five hundred Satoshis; you send me the Satoshis, but I don’t send you the widget.”
The older man grunted. “That’s why we don’t bother with currency.”
“We’re talking about DROs, not rooting in the woods like a badger. How do you resolve this dispute? Well, the two parties try to resolve their disagreement with each other, but failing that – well that’s the question of social organization, of civilization really. But we can’t get any further without UPB. Universally Preferable Behaviour.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 128
David turned his head to Roman, but the older man stared ahead, down the green‐dappled path, and would not ask the obvious question.
“UPB is really the foundation of everything – UPB demands that all proposed moral solutions be universal – and based on behaviour, not thought. If we say that we need a central authority to resolve disputes between citizens – a State judge, for most of history, then that State judge…” David took a deep breath, surprised at his mental fog. It is horribly difficult to explain new concepts to people without any frame of reference.
Roman grunted in amusement. “I assume you are better at your job than explaining it.”
“I hope so,” said David fervently. “UPB says that you cannot propose a solution that is outside the solution. If you have a problem – how to resolve disputes – you can’t have a solution that exacerbates – makes the problem worse. If you have a headache, your solution can’t be decapitation.”
Roman shrugged. “Well, no more headache.”
David patted the damp brown neck of his horse. “If I make an argument that language is meaningless, I would have to exclude that argument from the general principle that language is meaningless. If language is meaningless, I would never be able to make that argument with any clarity. If language is not meaningless, I can make the argument, but the argument cannot then be that language is meaningless – you see what I mean? If the form of the argument contradicts the content of the argument, it’s invalid.”
Roman considered this for a long moment. “Like if I say that violence never solves anything, then just kill the guy who disagrees with me.”
David paused. “Yes, that works…”
There was a moment of silence as they passed a bare tree with five enormous black birds sitting on the skinny dead branches. Another bird pecked at something in the tall grass.
Roman smiled. “Look at them, sharing nicely.”
David could not tell whether the older man was being sarcastic.
He continued: “So we have a problem, which is that people sometimes cannot resolve disputes – the solution can’t be a Judge that has been imposed on them, that people cannot choose! If we are forced to use a particular Judge – or a particular system, same thing – then we have a bigger problem than our disagreement. The nonaggression principle demands that we not initiate the use of force against each other – self‐defense is fine, though not at that dawn clearing a couple days ago – and if we are forced to use a Dispute Resolution Organization – again, a State Judge for most of history – then we are trying to resolve a contract dispute using the initiation of force, which means that our solution is a bigger problem than the problem itself. It’s like if I ask a girl out, and she agrees to go, and then backs out – and then I drag her to a State Judge who forces her to marry me – we have a solution worse than the problem itself.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 129
“Plus, we are saying that human beings can be irrational, greedy, narcissistic, selfish – horrible in general – but then we create this opposite category of human beings called ‘State Judges’ that are magically immune from all of these categorizations! That’s UPB – every definition of humanity must include all humanity, it’s kind of an obvious thing, but really powerful – like every definition of mammals must include all mammals, you get the idea of course. If we say that human beings are selfish and corruptible – then giving them violent monopoly State power to enforce their decisions does not solve the problem of selfishness and corruption – in fact, it just makes them infinitely worse!
“That was the main problem throughout history. Philosophy was too primitive, or not well‐understood – or rational philosophy was banished by State power, because in the absence of rational philosophy, State power grows – but everyone said: ‘Oh, people are so bad and corruptible that we need to give a small group of people violent monopoly power over everyone else.’“ David sighed. “Of course, if the definition of humanity includes ‘bad and corruptible,’ then it also includes all of the judges and rulers and kings and politicians and – you name it. UPB clearly states that you can’t divide humanity into two opposing categories: the devils who need to be controlled and managed and adjudicated – and the angels who can be given violent power over millions, without that power corrupting them to the core!”
Roman scowled. “Okay, thanks for the history lesson – but what the hell are DROs?”
“Okay. DROs are Dispute Resolution Organizations. You and I get into a dispute – wait, let’s go back, before that. You know in your tribe who the honest and honourable people are, right?”
Roman nodded.
David continued: “You have intimate knowledge of their dealings and reputations – but your knowledge is limited to the size of your tribe – and the simple fact is that we can’t keep millions of people’s reputations in our heads. When society gets larger, like in a city or what used to be called a ‘country,’ people need to know how honest everyone else is – that knowledge rewards honesty, and punishes dishonesty. So we have in the Civ something called a Contract Rating, which is how well you keep your contracts – your word. If you are raised well, and your Scans are good, and your parents have good Contract Ratings, it’s pretty cheap to get started – even cheaper if your parents are willing to pay for any disputes you lose. It’s about 1/10 of a percent of the price of the contract on average – one Satoshi out of every thousand. For that price, you both agree on a third party that you will use to resolve any disputes – that third party is called a DRO. We all compete with each other, which keeps corruption and costs low.”
Roman scowled. “Yeah yeah, that’s all very nice, but the whole problem is: what if you have some dispute, you go to this DRO, and then you ignore the judgement?”
David’s eyes widened. “Gosh, you know, for the past hundred years, we have never thought of that problem...”
“All right, all right. Go on.”
David shielded his eyes from the sudden reflection from a blinding pond to his right.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 130
“Let’s go with it ‐ you and I get into a contract, we can both choose a DRO to resolve any disputes – let’s say we do, and we have a dispute, and can’t resolve it ourselves, and go to the DRO for judgement, and you win – let’s say I have to pay you a thousand Satoshis, and I don’t. Well, the DRO pays you instead. That’s partly why they charge.”
“So why the hell wouldn’t I just keep breaking my contracts, knowing the DRO is going to pay my penalties?”
“Well, if the DRO has to pay your penalties, then the DRO won’t want to do business with you anymore, and will cancel your contract.”
“And so? I just go to another DRO.”
“How willing will that DRO be to take you on, knowing that you just cheated the last DRO?”
“Trust me, there’ll always be some scavenger willing to take me on.”
“Maybe, but they will have to charge you more, because they know that they will probably have to pay your penalties – and each DRO also has its own Contract Rating, based on the quality of its customers. If a DRO ends up full of cheats and promise‐breakers, other DROs will charge more to do business with them – if they’re willing to do business with them at all.”
Roman considered all this for a moment. “I’m like a child at the moment, because when I hear a rule, the first thing I want to do is find an exception.”
David smiled, surprised at the older man’s hint of rudimentary self‐knowledge. “That’s it exactly – that is the exact problem that DROs are designed to solve – or have evolved to solve, to be more accurate. People will always try to find ways around established rules – which is why historical State Judges tended to become corrupt over time, and laws became so ridiculously complex and impossible to follow. People will always try to find a way around established rules – that includes State Judges, and everyone who tried to influence their judgements. So you can either have a system where people profit from the objective enforcement of simple rules – because no one wants to sign up to a DRO that is arbitrary or complex – or you can have a system where people profit from corruption, because people don’t have a choice on how their disputes get resolved – the historical Judges.”
Roman cocked his head. “What if I disagree with the decision of a DRO?”
“Well, baked into the contracts are backup DROs... If I think our mutually‐agreed on DRO has ruled unjustly, I can appeal to another DRO to review that decision. Some contracts have three layers, most contracts have two, just for efficiency. If I go through three DRO reviews, and each one agrees, I just have to submit, or take the consequences. Of course, it’s possible that three DROs could all be corrupt in some manner that none of their customers have ever detected – but you don’t solve that problem with historical Judges. Three voluntarily‐agreed‐upon Dispute Resolution Organizations are infinitely better than one coercive central unchosen historical Judge. Three dates might bring you happiness, one rape will not.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 131
“Harsh, but I get the point,” grunted Roman. “All right, let’s play it out – what if you simply refuse to pay, disagree with every decision, what then?”
“Well, eventually you will have a contract rating of zero, which means that you don’t have any Dispute Resolution Organization that is willing to guarantee your contracts. You’ve ‘gone rogue,’ as we say in the Civ.”
“And?”
David lowered his hand; the pond had passed. “In civilization, just about everything you do involves some kind of contract. If you want to buy a house: contract. If you want to rent an apartment: contract. Borrow money: contract. Buy food: contract. Buy fuel, have electricity, get on a plane, rent a jetpack, become a doctor, have any kind of messaging service...”
Roman gestured at the horizon. “All crap that you don’t need out here...”
David nodded soberly. “Yes, right, exactly – and that’s what happens if you are without any contracts. No one will do business with you, because it’s expensive and unknown, and a real problem – and we really do treasure our escape from what used to be called ‘paperwork.’ In the old days, people had to slave for months a year filling out various forms, paying experts and making calls – all under threat of violence.” David shuddered. “A miserable, terrifying experience. My DRO has a five‐minute review every year, and we resolve most conflicts within twenty‐four hours or less. Every time one of our customers successfully completes a contract without conflict, we reduce his or her rates. By the time most people have spent 15 to 20 years in our system, we guarantee their contracts for free, if they have never had a significant unresolved dispute. We are not alone in that, but I think we are the best. That’s how it works for our customers – be honourable, resolve your disputes privately – or don’t have disputes at all, we don’t care – and for the rest of your life, you don’t pay a single Satoshi for our services. In the bad old days, historical Judges – the entire system – made more money when there were lengthy and complicated disputes – so it tried to make them as lengthy and complicated as possible, which is where a lot of the bureaucracy came from. In the voluntary, free‐market DRO system, we make money by preventing conflicts – or resolving them as quickly and fairly as humanly possible. We lose money when there are a lot of conflicts, or a lot of appeals. Plus, if someone launches a formal dispute, and they end up being wrong, they have to pay the costs of the resolution. Every incentive aligns towards peaceful, rapid, efficient dispute resolution. If a DRO gets a reputation for being slow, or unjust, or non‐ responsive, we target their customers, and offer them incentives to join our DRO. We are constantly nipping at each other’s heels – it’s a lot of fun really – by offering better and faster and cheaper solutions to the problem of conflict resolution – that’s just a free‐market thing, there is no such thing as quality without voluntarism.”
Roman considered all of this for a long moment. “So – you have solutions for problems which don’t even exist for me, for my people. What about war and borders and national defense and the military and roads and healthcare and the education of children – all that the State dealt with in the past.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 132
“Did it though?” murmured David. “I’m better at showing than telling.” He opened his phone and checked a notification. “If you promise to be absolutely silent, we are on a war footing at the moment, and I can let you in on the negotiations.”
Roman blinked, startled – and David allowed himself to enjoy the older man’s obvious surprise.
“You are on a – what, war footing?”
“Yes, it just came in yesterday, a threat from one of the few remaining rogue nations.”
“No offense, but you don’t strike me as a – war leader.”
David laughed. “No, I get that. No offense either, but that’s because you do not understand war.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 133
Chapter 17
Roman was deeply shocked by the city.
As they rode, the wilderness slowly gave way to occasional farms and cottages. Some of the farms were old‐fashioned, tilled by hand with simple implements – larger ones had robots in the field. Roman was surprised to see strawberry bushes being pecked at by roving chickens.
He said: “Why would you make a farm just feed chickens?”
David smiled. “Wait and see, someone is coming.”
In the distance, a man walked up, grabbed a chicken, opened its belly, and ate some strawberries.
“A lot of farmers prefer to disguise their robots as animals – these come from a company called ‘Pickin‐ Chickin,’ – which specializes in artificial chickens that can pick fruits and vegetables. A client of ours, great people.”
Roman nodded. “These cottages are – pretty plain.”
“What did you expect?”
The older man shrugged. “I don’t know, giant slender spires, impossible – architecture.”
“Consuming too much arises from trauma – childhood trauma.”
Roman scoffed. “You think we mistreat our children, we live on little.”
“You have little – that is the end result of how you treat your children,” said David, a little cryptically. “It’s the age‐old question: how much is enough? If you are traumatized, as a child, then you feel broken, inadequate, not good enough. Most people – in the past anyway – tried to cover that up with extremes – of appearance, wealth, beauty, consumption… People are happy here. They don’t need to prove anything, or show off. Virtue tends towards the middle – it’s trauma that feeds the extremes.”
They rode on in silence.
More dwellings appeared around them – couples waved, children played.
Roman said: “I don’t see any schools. I approve.”
David smiled. “Children love to learn, love to master things. If they just – hang around with their parents, they absorb most of what they need to know. Plus, technology changes so fast that education on specifics becomes pretty useless within a year or two.”
“Why do you need cities at all?”
David shrugged. “There is no central planning, no central authority. No State. People come and go as they please, it’s not about some overall ‘need.’ Some people like to live closer to others – some people like their space.”
Roman scowled. “Who – owns things?”
“Whoever builds something, or trades for something, owns it.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 134
“Nothing is owned – in common?”
“What do you mean?”
Roman gestured behind him. “We make a kill, it is shared. Unless someone has screwed up – they go hungry, as a lesson.”
“You can do that here. Some people set up communities without enforcing individual property rights. They don’t tend to last, but it happens. One of my DROs slogans is: You are what you negotiate.”
Roman laughed. “Deep.”
“It is actually,” said David, unoffended by the older man’s sarcasm.
The city slowly grew up around them. There were narrow avenues for walking, and a wild variety of houses and dwellings, from rustic shacks to larger mansions – and everything in between.
“Kind of – chaotic,” said Roman.
“Freedom can be untidy. But at least it is – sustainable.”
People came out into their front yards to watch them pass – the news of the attack on Alice and Emily had gone everywhere, and the chance to see a genuine nomad from outside the Civ was irresistible. People asked to take pictures; Roman always refused.
He murmured: “From outside everything to right at the center…”
Overhead, sky‐taxis flew by, some following them closely. Flushed faces leaned over the edge of the pews, shouting phrases of welcome to Roman. He scowled back and waved grudgingly.
“I thought I was a villain,” he grumbled.
“Did you choose where you were born? Did you choose your parents, or how you were raised?” asked David. “You might know that old phrase of humility: ‘There but for the grace of God go I.’ We were lucky – as we see it – and you were unlucky. You don’t blame a man for bad fortune. You only hold him responsible when he has a choice. Yours is only starting now.”
“And yours,” muttered Roman.
It was such a transparent form of ‘leveling’ that neither man commented further.
When they arrived at the Command Centre, the holo‐link was already set up – Roman could not help but be impressed by the technology, which seemed as real as being there.
“We can even shake hands, believe it or not,” said David, seating himself at the conference table. “Don’t worry, they are muted at the moment. So are we.”
Roman leaned in and looked at the swarthy men sitting at the other end of the table – sure enough, their lips were sealed with what looked like a zipper, and they wore large earmuffs.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 135
Roman rapped his knuckles on the table. “This is not – real?”
“This is real, but their end is not. They can see us in a room that is comfortable to their cultural environment, and we can see them in this room, which we are comfortable with – at least me, probably not you, since there are no vines, mushrooms or tumbleweeds.”
Roman could not help but chuckle. “The Civ seems to rest on a foundation of clichés.”
David smiled slightly. “That’s actually more true than you know, sorry to be annoying.”
Roman leaned forward and examined the table. “Where does it end, what is the – unreality?”
David said: “If you put the side of your head on the table and look at it against the window light, you can see a slight seam, like it was a really well‐fitted divided table…”
Roman squatted down and stared at the shiny surface. He squinted.
David said: “We can fix aging eyes here.”
“Yeah, and you can make me live longer. Unnaturally long.” He ran his fingertips along the seam. “Feeling does not diminish with age, and I can feel a little gap here.”
I sincerely doubt that, thought David, but kept his skepticism to himself.
“So the technology is a bit obscure to me, but my understanding is that incredibly tiny nano bots blow air to simulate touch – they can do just about anything, from cotton candy to water to clouds to hard surfaces to – flesh. I tried a demo a couple of years ago where it felt weirdly like I was being slowly lowered into a kind of gelatin, even under my clothes. It was fairly creepy… I try to keep that stuff to a minimum, it messes with your head a little bit.”
“It all does,” murmured Roman, sliding his fingertips between the real and simulated tabletop. “You must have an entire movement here saying that everything is – fake.”
David shrugged. “It happens, from time to time, but it’s pretty easy to dispel that myth. We’ll have to get into that another time, though ‐ the meeting is about to start.”
“How do you handle the language barrier?”
“The translation is done on the fly, of course, and the movements of their lips are changed to match the words in our language, otherwise it looks like a weird old subtitled movie.”
Introductions were made; a hot mint tea was exchanged.
The heavily‐bearded foreign leader was named Attica, and he was belligerent from the get‐go.
“This is an outrage, accusing us of taking your property, threatening to deny us access to markets – descending even into pointed threats against my own person – this is not how civilized people behave!”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 136
David compressed his lips slightly. “I represent a – group of fishermen, who have bought fishing rights to about 10,000 square kilometers contiguous to our shore. They have secured the right to fish within that area, and have been working very hard to make sure that their fishing stocks are not depleted. They have entire onshore farms devoted to breeding and hatching fish, which they then release onto their property. You have been accused of spreading bait outside their property, with the goal of bringing their fish into your nets – thus stealing their labour. They have provided extensive documented evidence of your actions – or at least, the actions that you as a State leader have undertaken on behalf of your fishermen.”
Attica scowled scornfully. “We reject your so‐called ‘evidence.’”
David shrugged. “That is irrelevant. We – our association of DROs – have reviewed the evidence extensively, and in great detail, and have submitted it to an international consortium, due to the severity of the complaints. You have been invited to provide feedback, but you have refused to do so – thus you are guilty of the theft of multiple Bitcoins worth of seafood – primarily cod and tuna – and so you must stop your poaching, and provide recompense.”
“And we reject your authority in this matter – and once more register our outrage that we are being wantonly accused in such a despicable and vile manner!”
David said evenly: “Your outrage has no bearing on the facts of the matter. You ‘being upset’ might work with your children; it does not work with us. You parked your vessels just outside our customer’s property, then drew their fish into your nets – in the middle of the night I might add, as if we can’t see anything then – and then sold their property – the property you had stolen – into their markets, thus driving down the price of their products, costing them enormous sums, as detailed in our report.”
Attica leaned back and folded his arms across his broad chest, his lips white with contempt. “We don’t care about what you think you saw, what you think you have proven.” He smiled insultingly, spreading his hands. “It seems to us that our fishermen are just better than yours – are we are supposed to pay recompense for our ability? We were careful to stay outside your boundaries. We cast our nets, we got some fish – and your society is entirely based on property rights, so why should we lose our property, when we have done nothing to interfere with yours?”
David nodded. “We are aware of your position. These negotiations have been going on for over three months now, and you have not changed your approach at all – which is your prerogative, of course, I would never interfere with your free will to make bad decisions. But we have now reached the end of the road. Your words and gestures and insults don’t mean anything here – perhaps in your culture they do, but not here, because we are not raised in that way. We know that you have a culture that thrives on cheating and dominating others, you think it is your right, for your – collectivist beliefs. For you to get our client’s fish is a great triumph, and makes you feel superior, so I understand why you are doing it, you are addicted to cheating because… Well, this isn’t therapy, there’s no need to analyze motives. As you know, we don’t recognize the moral legitimacy of governments, so we don’t enforce any State contracts – and we have already stopped enforcing any personal contracts you have as individuals, but clearly that has not been sufficient.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 137
David took a deep breath. “Here’s what’s going to happen – I’m just informing you. You will pay the bitcoins you owe my clients, and you will stay away from their boundaries, and you will do nothing to sabotage their interests in any way, and you will be brought to heel in a civilized manner!”
There was a pregnant pause, and then the foreign leaders turned to each other and laughed uproariously. Attica leaned forward. “Yes, and I will grow wings and learn to fly!” The laughter escalated, then subsided. “You say that my words mean nothing to you – well your words mean nothing to me! You make noises that speak nothing to me, command nothing to me, and my fishermen will continue to do their great work – and if your fishermen have problems, well they should just learn how to fish better, and stop running to you to make meaningless commands to us!”
David nodded slowly. “You think that I am bound by the nonaggression principle to merely make meaningless threats. You want to use my virtues against me, because I respect property and human life, while you are a tribal thief.”
Roman leaned forward, fascinated.
Attica stared back, a slight smirk on his face. He said nothing.
David pursed his lips. “Yours is a tribal society, with a history of war – you yourself declared war against one of your minority populations late last year – and it went well for you, I think. War is the health of the State, so the saying goes – and the State is the health of war, because without the State, war is impossible.”
Attica narrowed his eyes. “Yes, and you, without a State, have neither protection nor offense.”
David paused for a moment. “I would argue the complete opposite. It is you who has neither protection nor offense, because you are the head of a government.”
Attica laughed harshly, gesturing at his sniggering companions. “Are you mad? I command an army of almost limitless power!”
“You do, you certainly do. We keep our own weapons development secret, because there’s no point parading power around, it just encourages people to find countermeasures – and I know that you will think I am bluffing, but we have poured all of our military spending into defense against the kinds of attacks you have been bragging about.” David gestured at the air. “It’s a strange kind of vanity – you have showy parades and brag about your offensive capacities – your orbital lasers and hypersonic burrowing weapons and all sorts of wild stuff – and all we have to do is watch what you do, and pour all of our efforts into countermeasures.”
Attica considered this. “You are bluffing. Your society is weak and pacifist, and puts life above property – this means that you will not attack us over a mere property dispute.”
David blinked. “Who told you that we value life over property?”
Attica gestured airily. “This is well‐known.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 138
It was David’s turn to laugh. “It always amazes me how people just refuse to do even the most basic research.”
He leaned forward, his voice suddenly steely.
“We do not value life above property, because there is no life without property. These are two sides of the same coin. We all need to eat – very nice tea by the way – and drink, and find shelter – we need food and liquid and houses – these are all property. You own yourself, I own myself – we both own the effects of our actions, which will be revealed in a moment. You are property, I am property, and we both require property to live. Human life and property cannot be separated. If a man rapes your daughter, he is violating her property – her body belongs to her, and he is using it without her consent. Your life is your property, and if I kill you, I am taking your property.”
David put down his teacup.
“People – and cultures – use this artificial division between life and property to justify taxation and redistribution. They say that a starving man is permitted to steal bread, therefore you can tax and redistribute wealth, because life is more important than property – and you end up with neither. Slavery is wrong – even if you won’t admit that – and if you steal a man’s property, you are enslaving him for the amount of time it takes for him to replace that property. If you kidnap a man and force him to work for you for a week, or a month – you are enslaving him. It doesn’t matter whether you kidnap him directly – or indirectly, by stealing his property and enslaving his labour to replace it. We would be justified in using force – even according to you – if you were physically kidnapping our fishermen and enslaving them to work for you. Well you are kidnapping them. Stealing is enslavement, and you are slaveowners – and we will not hesitate to use force against you on those grounds.”
Attica sneered. “And what kind of force are you going to use on us? You are too afraid even to meet us face‐to‐face, and so we have to use this voodoo coward technology. You are delicate and unreal…” (Here, it could be understood that the translation mechanism was having some difficulty with the insults.) “You forget your women and run into the dreams of the machines. You are addicted to universalism, and so are no match for us. It is like we are playing a game on a field, and you pass to us all the time, but we only pass to ourselves – you will lose sooner or later. Your words break upon our resolution like a tiny wave on a mighty pier. We have given you the courtesy of listening to one of your famous lectures. We now go about our business.”
He reached forward to disconnect the meeting.
Roman laughed harshly.
David raised a small black box with a red button. “If I press this, you die.”
There was a pause.
Attica smiled broadly. “Oh no! A button!”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 139
David said: “It might be worth asking what it does.”
“Does it end this interminable conversation?”
“No, but it does end your family line.”
Attica paused. He muttered a phrase which the translation declined to render.
“My – family line?” His eyes narrowed. “Even in… You would not punish children for the actions of their fathers.”
David pursed his lips. “We’ve really tried to narrow it down. It would be great to get it down to a single individual’s DNA, but we haven’t been able to get it to be that accurate, as yet at least.”
“You will now explain yourself.”
David stood up, smoothing his trousers. “War has always been a funny business. Until recently – and in my neighbourhood, so to speak – men and women who started wars gained power, made money, and featured prominently in historical works. Assuming they had no compassion for the millions of soldiers and civilians they sent to their deaths, war was a pretty damn good business for them. If they faced any kind of division or insurrection at home, they could start a war and provoke immediate loyalty. If they borrowed money from another country, and couldn’t repay their debts – as was inevitably the case, every time in history – they could just start a war and erase everything they owed. If free speech was becoming too much of a bother, they could start a crisis and clamp down on what they so laughably called ‘misinformation.’ It’s so easy to frighten people into compliance – and it’s even easier to turn their fear into rage against anyone the rulers point at. Don’t imagine that we don’t know exactly why you are provoking this conflict – we know that your rule is threatened at home, largely because of us. You can’t really stop the flow of communication in the world these days, and your population sees how free we are, how secure we are, how happy we are.”
David’s voice lowered to a dangerous tone. “The parents in your land don’t want to know – or implement – the reason why we are free, which is peaceful parenting – which I understand of course is not how you were raised – we put you in a Scan, you probably blow the whole thing up.”
He smiled grimly.
“Everyone wants to be free and wealthy and happy and powerful – like us – but no one wants the path to get here, which is raising children peacefully. So – you have a lot of unrest in your land; our example is undermining your power, the power that you have over your people, as you call them – it’s a vile phrase, like a zookeeper talking about ‘his animals.’ But accurate I suppose…”
David took a deep breath and exhaled.
“We know that you need to provoke an external conflict to clamp down on your ‘people,’ and draw them closer in allegiance to you – it’s all so predictable, so boring. And we don’t care. We care about reasonable people who treat their children well; you are just a kind of historical monster, a predatory
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 140
beast of the Old World, and you expect to profit from war – in money, in loyalty, in power, in control, in doing what politicians always do, which is to punish your enemies and reward your friends.”
David raised his little black box. The resolution in his voice seemed to force Attica’s eyes to stare at it.
“Attica. Get everyone out of your room.”
Attica paused, then gestured, and his companions fled.
David said: “Thank you. You expect to profit from war ‐ this is all contingent on you staying alive. Or – even if you don’t care that much about your own life – on your bloodline staying alive. If I push this button – which I have been fully authorized to do by everyone who matters in our world – then a very special and specific virus is released in the world. You won’t know where, but it’s close. And this virus is programmed to leave everyone alone, except you – and, sadly, the people who are genetically very close to you. It will infect you and kill you very quickly – and then it dies itself. I have made this particular speech to…” David scrunched his eyes together. “…six leaders in my time here as head of this DRO. I have sworn them all to secrecy – as I am now swearing you to secrecy – because if word gets out about our weaponry, we lose some leverage, at least for a while. The fact that you don’t know anything about what I’m telling you is why they – and their families – are still alive. You are going to withdraw your vessels, and pay what you owe.”
Attica’s cheeks were fiery red. He laughed harshly. “This is still a bluff, my friend. The button is connected to nothing!”
“Only five…” murmured David.
“What? What?”
David cleared his throat. “Only five of the leaders I talked to decided to do the right thing.”
Attica squinted, his mind racing. “Are you talking about – no, that was a jet crash.”
David pursed his lips. “We released the virus when his brother was flying the jet. The bodies were obviously too destroyed to detect it. And then we had the same conversation with his successor.”
Attica’s lips were white. “You – you destroyed his entire family?”
David nodded. “Well, his parents raised him to be a monster, and he was raising his children to be monsters, so there really wasn’t any potential for rehabilitation. His wives chose to marry him, which perfectly revealed their own characters – and he shared power and profits with his brother, which revealed his. Here’s the basic question. The money you have stolen from our hard‐working fishermen – that’s a lot of value. If you and your family were struck with some – random illness, whatever – and you for some reason decided to come to our fishermen and demand a large number of whole Bitcoins to save your lives, would they pay it?”
Attica started to speak, but David gestured, and his mouth was replaced with a zipper.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 141
“One moment, I know it’s provocative, give me a second. Let’s turn it around – if one of my fishermen’s family was sick, would you pay what you have stolen in order to save his life, and the lives of his family members? Of course not, you would probably laugh and do some kind of strange dance in your chambers. It’s the same for us – for them, for me. Would I pay an enormous amount of money to keep your scurvy bloodline alive?” David shook his head. “Of course not – in fact, if I found out that you had all died in some horrible accident, I think my day would lighten a little; there would be a spring in my step and a song in my heart.”
David leaned forward towards the apoplectic man.
“But this is all nonsense, and meaningless. We won’t be a foreign pawn in the suppression of your own people. We won’t be any part of the destruction of the few remaining liberties in your land. We know you can easily afford to pay back what you have stolen. We know that you care about your bloodline, and the continuation of your power. You also know that five of the six people I last told about this, all made the right decision, because they are still alive, and our disputes with them ended abruptly – while the other took longer to solve, and an entire family died. One man rolled the dice, played the ancient game of Russian roulette – if that means anything to you – and he is now helping the world in his absence by serving as an example of our power and resolution. You have everything you need to make the right decision. Withdraw your ships, pay us back, go in peace.”
David unzipped Attica’s mouth.
Attica looked utterly bewildered. A cunning look came into his dark eyes. “But you – but your entire society is founded on the caring and protection of children!”
David smiled. “That is true. Tell me – do you care more about your own children, or mine?”
“Mine, of course!”
“Agreed. One of the great tragedies throughout history has been the holding of children as a kind of hostage – I’m sure you know about this in the Old World, under the program of what was called ‘welfare.’ Women either had children with bad men who left, or with good men and drove those fathers away. Either way, the women were responsible for becoming single mothers, which in both our cultures is a great – sin. Anyway, the mothers ran to the politicians and demanded money and healthcare and shelter and food and resources for their children. In other words, in the Old World, you could basically give birth to an economic hostage. During and after the Cataclysms, this ancient female trick was tried again. However, with advancements in moral philosophy – the only advancements that really matter in this world – the question was asked: ‘Why should I care for your children more than you do?’”
David pretended to gasp, his hands covering his mouth. He imitated the long‐dead women.
– Oh, but my children need money!
– Yes, and your children needed a father, did you make sure they got one?
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 142
– He ran away, it wasn’t my fault!
– If you can’t judge a person’s character, you have no business being a parent, and you can’t keep your children. You can’t instruct them how to be good people, if you can’t even recognize obviously evil people.
– How dare you suggest taking my children from me?
– We refuse to care for your children more than you do. Otherwise, all we do is reward women who give birth to hostages.
David chuckled. “It all seems so quaint and funny now, but at the time it was all quite manic and hysterical.” His face grew serious. “Look, I don’t care about you – and you don’t care about me, I get that. I do vaguely care about the people who live under your rule, which is why I won’t do anything to give you more power over them. We live and serve as an example to the world of what a truly civilized society looks like – and that is a problem for you, but it’s not my problem. My problem is protecting the property rights of my customers. You pay, or you die.”
Attica’s face looked like it was caving in, but he roused himself for one last opposition. “You would assign the – death penalty, for an entire bloodline, over some – fish?”
“You talk about fish. I am discussing principles. If you lived in our society, we could ostracize you, bring you to heel that way – but you are in another land, in a primitive form of social organization, and your heart and soul have been hollowed out by the exercise of political power, so I don’t view you as an equal. I view you as a kind of predator – one who becomes more dangerous over the course of a civilized discussion. In the past, good people were sentimental, which is why virtue was always destroyed.”
David’s face grew even more serious. “Come on man, just think about it – your entire bloodline has been struggling forward from the primordial soup for over four billion years. Think of all the sacrifice of the billions of organisms that had to win and reproduce and avoid predators, in order to give you this incredible gift of life. You can muddle forward in your way, you can keep your power and prestige and own people like farm animals – all you have to do is give up the fish and a few Bitcoins. Do you honour your ancestors? Do you honour their sacrifice? Do you care for your children? Then do the right thing – even if it’s compelled, it counts.”
Attica scowled, glancing to his left and right. “I believe nothing. I will give you your answer in an hour.”
David smiled. “Your terms are acceptable.”
He pressed the button and disconnected the meeting. The far end of the room shimmered out of existence, replaced by bland carpet and white paint.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 143
Chapter 18
David turned to Roman.
“You are one of the only people to ever witness that kind of – negotiation.”
Roman stared at him. “Holy hell. I don’t really know what to say… Wait – is it true?”
“The virus? More mRNA really…”
Roman nodded.
David smiled. “Why would that matter?”
Roman gasped: “Lord above…” He shook his head slowly, rubbing his grey stubble.
David leaned forward slightly. “It’s the extended family thing, isn’t it?”
“That did kind of take me by surprise, yeah.”
“You consider it unjust, harsh, immoral?”
“That was my initial impression, or emotion…”
David nodded slowly. “You came here thinking I am weak – that we are weak – and you have good reason to, given the history of morality. You also criticize us for our universalism, for Universally Preferable Behaviour, the foundation of our society – and again, you have good reason to, given the rather sad history of ethics, how it always got overpowered by the ruthless and the violent. But this is a new world, and we learned something essential through the Cataclysms – nothing that could make those awful decades worthwhile, but sometimes in life – or in history – the best you can do is extract the greatest good from the existing horrors.”
Roman sighed, rubbing his face. “My God man, you really do dance around the topic.”
David smiled. “In the past, universal morals were absolute in the abstract – usually commanded by God – and thus were not conditioned by relationships. We take a different approach. Treat people the best you can when you first meet them – after that, treat them as they treat you.” He raised his fists. “If you’re in a boxing match, and someone starts hitting below the belt, what do you do? Well, according to UPB, you are no longer obligated to respect the rules of boxing, because your opponent has stopped respecting them. Historically, universal morality has always lost because it refused to adapt to the lower standards of its opponents. The lesson we so painfully learned from the Cataclysms was that morality is not an absolute, but a relationship.”
Roman started, as if someone had touched his spine with electricity.
David pursed his lips. “I know, it’s a startling idea – the moment that we talk about morality as a relationship, people think it becomes relative and subjective, and loses the name of ‘ethics.’ The purpose of modern morality… Wait, let me give you a classical example. You say that lying is immoral – a
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 144
man breaks into your house, you confront him, your wife hides. He demands to know where your wife is, do you lie to him?”
“I kill him.”
David smiled. “Play with me here – like children play, which is to say very seriously. He has weapon, you don’t – insert something that means you can’t kill him. Do you lie to him?”
Roman snorted. “Of course!”
“Ah, so lying is not always immoral, so it is not an absolute rule, everything becomes relative and subjective, and nothing can be moral anymore, right? It’s the same with other situations, where someone says: can a starving man steal a loaf of bread? If you say ‘yes,’ then you agree that life is more important than property, which led to the welfare states of the Old World. If you say ‘no,’ then you are a heartless person who would rather keep a loaf of bread and watch a man die.”
Roman scowled. “This is why I steer clear of abstractions, and keep my weapons handy.”
“I agree. Most moral abstractions were just a form of pickpocketing that led to – well, a society not unlike your own, in many ways, which I am opposing here – and will try to convince you to abandon, impossible though that probably seems to you at the moment.”
Romans eyes narrowed. “You are welcome to try.”
“To take the first example, if we say that lying is immoral, and then we can contrive a situation where it would be wrong to tell the truth – to tell the criminal where your wife was – then we have paralyzed universalism, and destroyed morality. However, if we look at morality as a relationship, rather than an absolute, it’s not even a problem. You just have to ask: ‘Is the thief a moral person?’ Morality is a relationship that rewards morality; it is not an absolute that the immoral will always use to exploit you. You don’t owe the murderous thief the truth, because he has a gun to your head. If you offer me a Satoshi for an apple, but I don’t actually have an apple, are you still obligated to give me the Satoshi? Of course not. Morality is like an economic transaction – the obligation is created only when both people act honourably and honestly. If you have a friend who has reliably and honourably told you the truth for years, then you owe him the truth – he has earned honesty by being honest. But you don’t owe honesty to just anyone and everyone you meet on the street. If you have borrowed Satoshis from a friend, and then he asks you at some point to lend him some, you have some obligation, based on your prior history – but you don’t have an obligation to lend Satoshis to everyone who asks you. Morality is like a Bitcoin wallet – you have to make deposits in order to have withdrawals. Removing morality from relationships, and turning it into axiomatic absolutes, was the goal of evildoers, who wanted to have a way to control ‘moral’ people. Give people absolutes, and you have a perfect mechanism to control them. If life is more important than property, then you can steal money from them, with the goal – you claim – of giving it to the poor, and thus saving lives with their excess money. If life is more important than property, how can they oppose your plan?” David shrugged. “They can’t, of course, and so you gain control over – what
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 145
used to be called trillions of dollars I guess. That’s a pretty good payoff, but of course that led to the Cataclysms, and the destruction of the Old World, at least on most of the planet.”
“Well,” said Roman. “That’s how we do it.”
“What? Charity?”
“Yeah, we use the word accurately. If someone needs charity, we have three simple rules – the first is that they cannot have been the creator of his own disaster; the second is that it has to be both temporary and humiliating; and the third is that he has to pay it back as soon as possible.”
David smiled. “So – you wouldn’t let someone hold a knife to a hunter’s throat to get food?”
“If the hunter were troublesome enough, we might.”
David laughed. “So – when it comes to negotiating with Attica, we are trying to avoid war – or more specifically, terrorism, which is the way that most conflicts are handled in the modern world, because the weaponry has become so – extreme. The reason I am perfectly justified in threatening his entire family is because if he started a war, thousands or millions of children would get killed. If he subsidized terrorism, it might be dozens or hundreds perhaps – children killed, you know. If he escalates to armed conflict in any way, how many children – and their mothers and fathers and aunts and uncles and cousins – would be maimed or killed? Why on earth would we not target his bloodline, since he would doubtless target ours? We don’t get anywhere – in fact we lose continually – if we try to maintain higher standards than our opponents. If there’s one thing that the Cataclysms taught us, it is that losing is absolutely unacceptable!”
David’s voice grew cold and hard.
“And you could see exactly that kind of crap that he was trying to pull, during our ‘negotiations.’ He kept saying that he could control us because of our respect for property rights and human life and children. He was trying to use our morality against us – which immediately means that we have no reason to be moral with him – to extend moral protections to him. What he was doing is about as evil as things can get – as evil as a person can be – in that he respects and recognizes morality, but uses it to pursue evil ends. A doctor has to be the most trustworthy protector of human life, because he knows how to kill patients with almost no possibility of being caught. It’s the same with morality – Attica understands morality very well, and chooses to use it against moral people, imagining that we learned nothing from the Cataclysms, and would just – be captured and subjugated and enslaved by that morality which is designed to give us liberty, security and power!”
Again, Roman started.
David stared at him. “If someone wants to start a war, you target their entire bloodline – of course you do. First of all, it will prevent the war from being started, which will save thousands or millions of lives – and secondly, he has no right to condemn us for putting innocent people at risk, since he is willing to start a war with the most fantastic and indiscriminate weapons – including terrorism – which will target
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 146
millions of innocent people. This sad and pathetic idea that you become evil by doing evil to evil is as strange as saying that you become sick by killing a murderous virus. Doing evil to evil is good – UPB is often misunderstood as an ethical system with abstract absolutes that enslave everyone, a kind of computer program that takes away moral free will – but we have moral free will because we need to evaluate individual situations according to the virtues – and the vices – of those we interact with. I have a relationship with Attica, and will have one until the day one of us dies. UPB is not like a train track, or a set of rules that everyone has to follow no matter what, because that would be to turn human beings into machines.”
“Into slaves,” said Roman.
David scowled. “Oh come on, don’t be such a troll. You can’t enslave machines, they don’t have free will or morality or human consciousness or anything like that, let’s not waste time with silly statements.”
Roman shrugged, as if to say: okay, have it your way…
With an effort, David dropped his irritation. “UPB defines universal morality – we can get to that later if you want – but it doesn’t say anything as silly and nonsensical as: ‘violence is bad!’ If it did, then we would lose the right of self‐defense. The use of violence is a relationship – if someone is not initiating violence against you, you owe them peace. If someone is initiating violence against you, you can blow their head off – or arm. You see? It’s a relationship, not an absolute. Someone willing to use violence cannot morally complain if violence is used against him, just as a thief cannot morally complain if someone steals his stolen goods. I can’t go steal someone’s phone – but if he steals my phone, I can damn well steal it back! If they only have property by violating property rights, I don’t have to respect their property rights, since they don’t actually exist! Attica was stealing several Bitcoin’s worth of fish – a staggering sum – and he was doing it with the specific goal of provoking a military conflict that would give him internal political unity. He wanted to wage war against us to establish further brutal controls at home. Damn right I will threaten his entire family line! That is the approach with the greatest chance of saving the most lives – and helping those he has enslaved through his government. If he is willing to kill our families for his own petty political goals, why on earth would we be unwilling to kill his family?” David sighed. “No, moral considerations are earned through moral actions, just as income is earned through productivity. I would risk my life to protect those I love; I would much rather risk the lives of others to protect those I love, though. Love is our involuntary response to virtue, if we are virtuous. Hatred is our involuntary response to evil, if we are virtuous. I hate Attica, I hate his system, I hate his politics, I hate his manipulation and threats. My goal – my sole goal, both personally and professionally – is the protection of the innocent, the salvation of the virtuous, and I frankly don’t care whose face I step on to maintain that!”
Roman cocked his head to one side. “Yet you are negotiating with me – by your words, I am evil.”
“I negotiated with Attica.”
Roman leaned forward. “If you can call it that – but you are not threatening my bloodline.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 147
“Roman, you are not evil,” said David simply. “You exist in a state of nature. Morality is a form of technology, and no one blames a doctor from a thousand years ago for not prescribing antibiotics or a bot‐clean. The technology simply did not exist… It had to be brought into existence, and it had to be proven, and then people had to be educated about it… After a certain amount of time – and only after that time – could we call a doctor ‘bad’ for failing to prescribe a proven and known cure. You are unaware of the modern technology of morality; you do not have moral free will as yet, because you have not heard and debated the arguments.”
David put his hand on the older man’s forearm. Roman flinched as if shocked.
“I genuinely mean this – you are not evil. You are not immoral, you are not even violent. A thousand years ago, they put leeches on people to ‘cure’ them. They believed in ‘humours,’ and didn’t even know that the blood circulated around the body. Go even further back, and millions of people thought that dancing controlled the rain.” David held up his hands. “Please don’t take this as an insult, I don’t mean it that way. If we were out in your land, and you were teaching me how to hunt, I wouldn’t take it as an insult. If I don’t know how to hunt, I don’t actually have the free will to decide to capture or kill an animal. If I don’t have a fishhook and bait, it’s pretty hard for me to fish. I am not trying to insult you – any more than you would be insulting me by pointing out my deficiencies as a hunter – which I guarantee you would be considerable. This society, the Civ, is based on a relatively new modern moral understanding – it’s as big a breakthrough as the scientific method was a thousand years ago – and you are not to blame for existing in a state of nature, which humanity has for a hundred and fifty thousand years. You don’t know what you don’t know.”
Roman gestured at the empty table. “But isn’t that true of – Attica as well?”
David paused. “What you saw with Attica was the result of months of him refusing to listen to reason. I very much hope you and I can avoid that fate.”
Roman opened his mouth to reply, when a young woman with startling green eyes materialized at the far end of the table. The older warrior jumped back in his chair, reaching for his nonexistent weapon. He snarled: “How do you get used to that!”
David smiled. “The same way you get used to sleeping in the woods, I suppose. But look at her eyes and mouth.”
Roman squinted, leaning forward. She had ancient mottled coins over her eyes, and a zipper over her mouth. She also wore the earmuffs he had seen earlier.
David smiled. “You can customize these for everyone – this is my assistant, she can’t see or hear us yet. ‘Unlock Sasha,’” he commanded.
The coins, zipper and earmuffs all disappeared, and the woman spoke.
“David, Attica has indicated he will get back to us before the end of business today, but we’ve had a request for a sudden review of the Angle family – by their kids.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 148
“Okay, now?”
“They have that right, per the contract.”
David sighed. “I hate these ones, but okay, we will be right over – please ask them if an observer is permitted.”
Sasha nodded, and vanished.
David turned to Roman.
“How do you deal with your crazy people?”
“We have a word, nimbillung, which describes the kind of man who pretends to be injured when the hunting party is heading out, then eats your food and tries to sleep with your wife. There are others – particularly the old and long in the teeth – but he is the most dangerous.”
“And?”
Roman shrugged. “Well, we go through the – formality – of reasoning with him, but it never works, the nimbillung just lies and makes promises and never changes. So we take him out hunting, and mistake him for a deer.” Roman pretended to shoot a bow and arrow. “Pfft. Porcupine.”
“And his family?”
“There are lots of ways to communicate. We let everyone know that there was a ‘terrible accident,’ and offer some mild compensation to his widow and children, if he has any. Everyone knows, no one says anything – that’s the best way.”
And if his children seek revenge? thought David, but decided to wait. It was too soon to bring children into the most essential negotiation. “You want to see how we do it?”
“Only if I can ask questions on the way,” said Roman in an oddly belligerent tone.
“I assume you want to go there for real.”
“I want to see it with my own eyes.” Roman held up his hands. “I know, the illusion is real, but you know what I mean.”
“I wouldn’t actually want to do this remotely,” said David. “This is an eyeball‐to‐eyeball thing.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 149
Chapter 19
They took a slow‐moving sky‐taxi over the city. Buildings poked out of endless forests of high trees, like glass mountains out of green clouds.
David said: “Most people take sky‐taxis, but some of the older people still love walking, so we built some – walkways for them.” David smiled. “Sorry, I couldn’t remember the word for a moment. Let’s drop down, so you can see better.”
They descended to the treetops. Roman stared at the slender shining buildings passing by. They were mostly composed of horizontal glass strips, with solid ceilings and floors. He could see into beautiful interiors; various arrays of wood and glass and marble pleased the eye.
He shivered. “I can’t see any people in those – dwellings.”
David nodded. “Oh you won’t be able to – who knows what’s going on in there? Everyone wants the view – and to display their own homes – but they don’t want their neighbours to see what they are up to, so everyone has blinds – like a hologram of what people see when they look in your windows. There are people in there, but you won’t be able to see them through the blinds.”
“It’s like an empty zoo,” murmured Roman.
David shrugged. “Well, we work very hard to make sure everyone has good relationships, because there’s no way you get to live to 130 – or would even want to – without friendship and love. Loneliness is just about the most extreme sport there is – it kills more than smoking used to, centuries ago.”
They drifted by a flat floating court where two elderly men pounded a glowing winged ball back and forth over a net. It changed direction, seemingly at random.
“Featherball,” said David. “You can curve the ball a little with your eyes…” He turned to Roman. “It actually makes me quite sad, thinking back to the Old World, how lonely and isolated so many people were – and how few of them wanted or had kids towards the end. I guess they felt the Cataclysms coming… I know that you complain to me about our virtual reality addicts, but they do have a community, which feels as real to them as anything else – but in the past, people sat in sad little basement apartments and complained their lonely lives into – nothing. In the Old Japan, there were entire crews that had to go and clean out the apartments of old dead people – people only noticed they were gone because of the smell.” David’s eyes got a faraway look. “And these crews would always try to find some relative, and maybe there would be a long‐lost daughter who lived a thousand miles away, and they would call her, and report that her mother was dead, and she would sigh and tell them to pack up her dead mother’s belongings and donate them to charity… She wouldn’t even bother to come back, that’s how broken and isolated people became towards the end. And everyone knew, everyone felt it, everyone saw it coming – the end – but no one could do anything, the system was so entrenched, the tentacles of fake currency and real control had wound around everyone’s neck so tight that no one could breathe anymore, not even enough to take a breath or scream. And there were these soft predators, the media, that sniffed for any rebellion or opposition, and fell like a pack of jackals on
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 150
anyone who tried to break free of the madness of the moment. It was an asylum back then, they got everything wrong – but anyone who noticed that the world was a madhouse was called evil, and forced out of society. They broke their thinkers – the immune system of society – and then wondered why they kept getting sicker and sicker.” David felt the words bubbling up from the depths of his being, and decided not to stop them. “They turned the education of their children over to evildoers, and wondered why evil kept growing in their midst…”
“I’m sure that’s for me,” whispered Roman, then raised his voice slightly, pointing. “There is a – river, flowing through the air.”
David glanced over. “Yeah, that’s a sky‐pipe, held up by air‐blowing bots. That way it can be rerouted at will, and we don’t have to build or install any actual piping.” David laughed. “Some truly adventurous souls have tried creating entire houses and buildings that way – the bots keep the furniture in place, and you can literally walk on air. But we have found that there’s a limit to the amount of weird anti‐sensual unreality that the human brain can – co‐exist with. People never got quite used to walking on air, so it’s more of a novelty than anything else – the kids love it though, those trampoline parks are something else, we should check them out sometime.”
Roman stared at the slightly‐sloping sky‐river. “It’s actually kind of a relief to know that there are limits to this – shared madness of a city.”
David smiled. “Well, we have folks who believe that anything that holds us back from a complete merge with the machines is weird and – retroactive, or conservative. They call machines the ‘overman,’ from an old philosopher, and we are supposed to be just the evolutionary bridge to the perfection of metal – I’m making a bit of fun of it, but they are pretty serious, these gear‐heads. They view any hesitation about merging with the machines as a barrier to perfection, to be overcome, like sin.”
Roman frowned. “And you ask me what we do with crazy people..?”
David smiled. “They’re not crazy, they can do some amazing things, but it’s too far for me for sure. It started a long time ago – when there were analog phones, some people spend half their lives with the telephone glued to their ear, like an extra sense – and then there was the mad addiction to screen technology in the early twenty first century. People used phones and tablets more than their own senses sometimes, so that kind of ‘merging’ is nothing new. Go back even further, to the invention of guns – or swords even – and people used them as an extension of their own limbs and capacity for violence. A warrior without a sword is just a guy swinging at air. You don’t chase down deer with your bare hands – extending humanity with technology is nothing new...”
Roman scowled. “But we still use our own hands, our own eyes, our own touch and smell.”
“Of course, you are much closer to the original human then we are – but the original human includes the capacity to extend humanity through technology, and you take part in that a little, we just do it a whole lot more – and some way more than me.” David lowered his voice slightly. “I do have some concerns
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 151
about how we are messing with our own sense of reality with all of this technology, but we are nothing if not adaptable, and people aren’t going mad as yet, so – fingers crossed!”
Roman saw something over David’s shoulder, and involuntarily gripped the younger man’s arm.
“What the hell…”
David turned, and saw an enormous slender curling dragon winging its way through the sky towards them. Its sinuous body was dappled with golden scales, and its wings – impossibly small – beat in a rapid blur, like a hummingbird. Its black eyes seemed to stare at them, its mouth opening and closing like a deep‐sea monster gasping for air. Long silver tendrils grew from behind its ears, floating in the air, being pulled forward randomly, like the red ribbons of a gymnast in flight.
“You have drugged me…” gasped Roman.
“I’m so sorry,” said David, staring up at the golden scales as the slender dragon silently coursed overhead. The tail – ending in rainbow spikes – rippled as if swimming.
“That’s a Chinese Dragon,” said David. “We’ve tried to find enjoyable ways to deliver energy, and this year, the engineers from Chinatown – look down, you can see the pagodas – won the contest, and the kids just love it! Last year, it was a giant manta ray from the Aquanauts.”
Roman watched, open mouthed, as the dragon attached itself to a tall silver spire. It inserted its tail into a receptacle, and – as they passed by – the golden scales vanished under a descending blackness, starting from the head.
“It’s discharging,” said David. “Wave!” he said, pumping his hand.
Roman stood in silent stiffness as the Chinese dragon waved its tendrils back at them, burbling merrily.
After a minute or two, he turned to David. “So – tell me about the place we are going.”
“It’s an asylum, for people who have broken their brains – or had their brains broken, by drugs or illness or injury.”
“How do they break their own brains?”
David stared at him for a moment. “That is a very big question. We prepare everyone for sanity and reason, right from the start. We teach them to trust their senses, we feed them well – as nature intended, you’ll be pleased to know, with breastmilk – and make sure that they bond with their parents. We teach them as much language as they can handle, as early as possible, so we can start negotiating with babies at about 14 to 16 months. We don’t yell at them, we don’t hit them, we don’t punish them, we don’t confine them – we prepare them for the Civ, and most times they grow up speaking the language of reason in the same way that you know your language, and I know mine.”
Roman scoffed. “You don’t punish your children, so there are no consequences for any bad deeds.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 152
David jumped to the edge of the sky‐taxi and pointed down. “Look, a sky‐park!”
Creeping up behind David, Roman looked tentatively down.
Below them, children’s voices bellowed with delight as they leaped between various brightly coloured structures – giant animals and planets and geometric shapes. Each time they landed, the surface compressed inwards, then threw them back out into the air.
“What if they fall?”
David laughed. “Come on, every question you have, we had decades ago. The guards pick them up and put them back!”
One young boy missed his grab at the white udders of a giant cow, and giggled his plummeting way down to the trees.
Roman flinched.
David said: “Wait…”
A tiny silver machine – barely bigger than a watermelon – immediately zoomed down and, extending cushioned arms, picked the boy up and dropped him on the wooly back of an enormous sheep.
David murmured. “Man, when Alice was small… Total memories.”
Roman scowled. “Play should have – consequences. They learn nothing!”
“It’s an odd thing…” murmured David, turning to the older man and staring at him directly. “Do you really think that the only consequences for negative behaviour are – punishments? Let’s say you do – what does that teach a child? It doesn’t teach the child that the behaviour is wrong, only that it is disapproved of and punished. If a boy hits a girl, and you hit him, can you logically tell him that hitting is wrong? If a child takes another child’s toy, and you rip the toy from his hand, can you really say that taking things is wrong? All you’re doing is teaching the child that he will get punished for certain behaviours – not that those behaviours are wrong. So – he still wants to do these things; he just wants to avoid punishment, so he becomes furtive and avoidant and he learns how to lie and – well, you know, you’re a parent, I’m sure it works the same way in your tribe. You yell at your kids, you hit your kids, and you get immediate compliance, followed by disobedience and escalation and lying – which you have to punish more and more – and before you know it, you end up with adults who are criminals, so you punish them more – or turn them into warriors and teach them to attack those around you – this is almost all of human history, mindlessly boring in my opinion, blindingly obvious in light of the present.”
Roman jumped back, seemingly involuntarily, gripping the back of a white pew. “That’s crap! Total… Children who play with knives have to be taught not to play with knives, or they slice off a finger or stab their brother!” He pointed a ferocious finger at David. “Children in the wilderness have to be taught to stay close, to avoid the poisonous fruit, to not run where the ground is unstable – in your weird universe of maternal safety – airless to me and any other sane person – I guess you can let your children run wild,
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 153
because robots keep them safe – but out where we are, actions have real consequences – and those consequences can be infection or death, so we have to keep our children tough and controlled, so that they stay alive!”
David nodded slowly. “Yeah… In the Old World, they talked about boiling water on a stove, and children running into streets with cars. You talk about children playing with knives – why not just keep the knives away from them until they are old enough to understand the danger? In the Old World, why didn’t they just turn the handles of the boiling pots away from the kids? Why didn’t they just build fences between their children and the roads?” He laughed sadly. “No, it was all just an excuse for them, as I think it is for you.” He paused. “You were hit, as a child.”
Roman stretched himself up proudly. “I damn well was. And I damn well deserved it! I didn’t listen, I was defiant, I disobeyed – and I paid the consequences, and it helped me survive!”
“Give me an example.” David’s tone was gentle.
“Why?”
“We are negotiating.”
Roman compressed his lips. “I stole an axe, when I was little, maybe – four? I cut down a tree that my father had planted in honour of my mother – not a tree, of course, like a sapling. He beat me half to death… I never took anything after that. He just had to look at me, and I knew…”
David said: “Did you love your father?”
Roman cocked his head. “Who knows, it wasn’t his job to be loved, or lovable... His job was to teach me to survive, to keep me safe – and be respected. And I damn well did respect him! He was made of – oak. You’ve never seen such a hard worker. Always sacrificing, always…” Roman’s head snapped up suddenly. “Why are you digging around in here? You want me to say that I had it hard? Yeah, I had it hard – so I became hard, which is what is needed! You’re like – like a rabbit in the woods rolling its eyes at a fish for having gills – we live in different environments, different worlds. You can coddle your kids because you have the robot guards, we face nature alone, we have to be strong!”
David murmured: “You know my answer to that one. But I will stop digging, if it makes you uncomfortable.”
Roman held up a warning finger. “Don’t do that – that crap. I don’t talk about the past – I don’t dig up my father – to parade him in front of your goal, to make me a monster.”
“I told you – I don’t think you’re a monster. Dangerous to kids, yes – but so is a wolf, I don’t think a wolf is a monster.”
Roman narrowed his eyes. “Try comparing me to an animal again. Try it.”
“You’re right, I’m sorry, that was unfair and unjust.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 154
Roman stared at him, then suddenly smiled. “Duel!”
David started. “What?”
The older warrior laughed. “Oh don’t sound so scared! I wasn’t challenging you, I just remembered your question about how we deal with crazy people… We have duels. Especially about insults to honour – if we were in the woods, we would’ve already had about twelve duels, you and I, but I’m in your house now, so we go by your softy rules. What do you do if one man insults another?”
David shook his head and smiled. “We are all about free speech – free speech is the early warning system of any healthy society. But because we don’t raise children with verbal abuse – verbal harshness – they don’t have that habit. Like you don’t know how to program a computer, because you weren’t raised with computers.” David walked his fingers up Roman’s forearm – the older man jerked his arm away. “But who knows? This whole thing could be one giant virtual reality simulation.”
“Hey!” exclaimed Roman, odd fear in his voice. “You told me that you don’t mess with people’s belief in their senses!”
“I said that about kids – and if I treated you like a kid, you would challenge me to a duel for sure.”
Roman grunted, looking away. “How much longer?”
David imitated a child’s whine. “Are we there yet?”
Roman was silent.
David said: “Everyone in the past thought that they understood human nature, but they didn’t. People said: ‘Oh, humanity is like this, or that’ – but they were like biologists in a zoo, imagining that they know anything about the animals in the wild. Human beings were caged animals until the present, until the Civ. That’s not even an analogy – if you ever look at a map or a globe of the Old World...” David’s flat hands sliced the air. “...the world was divided into countries, which were really tax farms where people were kept as human livestock for the sick profits of their owners. They were indoctrinated by the State, bullied by the media, drugged by the ‘doctors’ – and if they questioned or opposed any of this, they were insulted and slandered and lied about, and banned from society. They were crazed animals back then, and genuinely – many of them – thought of themselves as ‘free.’” David shuddered. “It might be a kind of old memory, or something that trickles down the giant staircase of the generations, but I sometimes have nightmares of waking up in the Old World – as if I could be frozen and sent back in time five hundred years – and I have to see all of the brain‐punching daily disasters of the world that was, knowing that the slow‐moving tsunami of inevitable horrors was creeping closer every day, while I was chained to the sinking ship of my society – to have knowledge about the unstoppable dominance of evil, and to be able to do absolutely nothing about it – well that’s hell, hell on earth, man, and I don’t know how people actually functioned back then. How did they get out of bed? How did they face the day? How could they sleep at night?”
There was a moment’s silence, as the two men fell back in time.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 155
“We know those stories,” murmured Roman. “You and I – the Civ and the Clan – are forks in the road from the Cataclysms, from the very worst time in history. You all went up into the clouds with your machines, making rivers run through the sky and touching through the breath of tiny robots. We went down into the earth, into the old ways. We are all just – existing in the aftershock of every terrible thing that was. And I would rather see my entire tribe perish then go anywhere near any paths that led back to that hell...”
The two men stared at the slightly‐reddening sun. David had an absurd impulse to take the older man’s hand, as two men staring over the hell‐scape of human history, but knew it was an impossible gesture.
Suddenly – out of the blinding sun – a group of men and women swooshed down over the white pews, whooping and calling out greetings. They had long sticks on their feet, and gripped slender poles in their hands. Their legs bent from side to side like pendulums; their faces were covered with enormous clear masks.
“Sky‐ers,” said David. “Sky‐skiers. The breath‐bots create the feel of snow under their skis.”
Roman scowled. “Again, they cannot fall.”
David shook his head. “Oh, they can – just not all the way down. The guy at the front – red hat – he’s a client of ours, currently training to cross the Pacific on skis.”
As the whooping men and women swished down into the treetops, Roman turned to David. “What do people – do?”
“With their time?”
Roman nodded.
David shrugged. “We are a striving species – we didn’t get to the top of the food chain by lazing around, that job is already taken by the alligators. I have a pretty good view of this, since most activities here have to be insured. People have hobbies, they get together for projects big and small – I know a guy who’s trying to figure out time travel with a bunch of his friends – I think it’s a total waste of time, but I’m no expert. I mean, if you travel back a year, you just end up exploding in space, because the Earth has moved on. There are historians creating entire VR recreations so people can truly understand and learn from history. We are really the first group ever to have a relatively unbiased view of the past, because in the past, the victors always wrote the history, while now, the modern world exists only because no one won the Cataclysms. The Civ is what comes into existence when humanity loses completely. We can finally tell the truth, because no one is profiting from lies. There is no ruling class that needs to control the narrative, so we can come the closest to objective history.”
“Are you actually paid by the word?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 156
David laughed. “I’m paid at work to be concise – this verbosity is more of a hobby. People have hobbies and artistic pursuits, they love sports and exploration, and there’s a whole group of people trying to figure out how to have improve the VR experiences on other planets. We’ve been to them, but they’re unbelievably boring. Mars is just a red sandbox – Venus is hopeless, just an acid soup around a big rock. Mercury is basically just a giant asteroid. The asteroid belt is like trying to navigate with giant black ship‐ crushing rocks all around you. Some of the moons of Jupiter can be quite pretty, but you really have to enhance what you’re looking at, because the sun is so far away. Nobody’s tried to land on the surface of Jupiter, because there isn’t one, really. Out past Jupiter, things get too dark to see without assistance, and you just end up staring at a computer screen, rather than the thing itself. We’ve done this solar system for the most part, and there’s not much there of any interest – at least for tourists, asteroid mining is massive, we get a huge amount from that – it’s a good thing that Bitcoin came along and replaced gold, because the value of gold would’ve dissolved into nothing with the amount we’re finding in asteroids. Some people are working on human gills – don’t even ask me how they work – and there are other people who want to graft giant wings onto people’s shoulders so that they can fly without mechanical assistance.”
David sighed.
“I guess I’m old‐fashioned enough to find that just a little creepy, but I bet the experience must be amazing. Some people love to climb – there’s an entire sport of climbing under random gravity, which just seems kind of masochistic to me, but I’m probably too old for it anyway. There are people who like to explore the oceans, ‘aquanauts’ they’re called. They are finding some amazing life down there – the real aliens are underwater, not in outer space. There’s an entire club dedicated to raising shipwrecks and restoring them, turning them into restaurants and museums. There’s a huge group that is trying to find, document and bury all of the victims of democide – murder by States – an unholy number of people, counting the Cataclysms. That’s a hell of a project, they are pretty somber. There’s another group of hard‐core scientists who are looking to repair and enhance human genetics – particularly IQ, for obvious reasons. I could go on, but when people are freed from the need to earn their daily bread – well we get quite a lot of civilization out of that, a lot of art and history and knowledge and exploration and science.”
After a while, the sky‐taxi gently coasted up to a wide set of white stairs that led to a tall peaked pale blue building that looked vaguely like an ancient cathedral.
David jumped out. “Ok, we’re here. The madhouse awaits.”
Chapter 20
David and Roman went with an attendant down a shiny hallway towards a white door at the end. Roman could catch glances of people through square windows in the doors on either side. Some were sitting like broken puppets, sagging against cushioned walls. Others were pacing, gesturing frantically.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 157
Some were sitting with their heads inserted into white globes – virtual reality, he assumed. One elderly man stood with his nose pressed against the glass, only his eyes following them as they walked past – an eerie sight, which gave Roman a slight shiver.
“What keeps them here?” he whispered.
“We should talk about that later,” said David shortly.
The attendant opened the door, and inside was a comfortable living room with a low white table, soft brown carpets, light blue walls and a wall‐window view of a Nordic forest in full bloom, with distant circling birds, shuddering butterflies, and a vague pine scent that drifted through the air.
On the couch sat a very thin woman, taller than average, with a cloud of thin bushy hair around her prominent skull. She had high cheekbones, a wide jaw, and grey‐blue eyes that alternated between staring dully, and darting around with suspicious aggression.
On a loveseat to her right sat two children of similar age, somewhere in their mid‐teens. They looked drained but determined.
“Good afternoon,” said David, sitting in an armchair. “I just wanted to double check, before we start, that it is still all right for an observer to be here.” He gestured towards Roman, who remained standing. “He doesn’t have any recording equipment; he’s actually not part of the Civ, so he couldn’t say anything to anyone about what happens here. I appreciate his presence, but it’s finally up to you.”
The two boys nodded, but the older woman looked up suspiciously.
“Who is that?” she asked sharply. “Who sent him, why is he here?”
“Christine, this is Roman, he is a guest of mine, who is just learning about the Civ.”
She laughed bitterly. “I know you, this is not the Civ, I’m not part of the Civ, I’m on the outside, inside here, staring up the ass of a machine.” She gestured at the view of the sunlit forest. “It’s either a force field, or a mirror, or a window, or screen – it’s real, but I can’t get there.”
Christine turned to the two boys.
“And you, my children, you leave me here…” Her eyes narrowed, and she took a deep breath. “It’s not a prison, I know, but it’s not free either. I’m not free.” She gestured at her hair. “I know something is missing, like when you go on a trip, and you’re sure you forgotten something, but you don’t know what it is, and you have to wait for the trip to happen to find out, but by then it’s too late..!” Her voice rose insistently.
There was a pause.
“Why are you here?” repeated Christine.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 158
“To help you, mom,” said the younger boy, his voice catching.
“Help, help…” As if in echo of his sentiment, her voice thickened with emotion. “That’s my job, do you know what it’s like – do you know what it’s like to be a mother and lose your children to philosophy, to UPB…” Her lip curled in disgust at the acronym. “To be replaced by words and metal and sunlight. I was supposed to lead you into adulthood, but I had a growth that killed my growth… I want to be helped, but I don’t know what dress I’m supposed to be helped into. I feel naked, all the time, like I’m missing my skin, like a robot to help doctors, up and walking around, each piece of wind hurts me, I’m an open tooth.” She looked up in self‐pitying agony. “What do I need to do?”
David said: “Well, Christine, your children… You have asked to be their mother again – not that you ever stopped, that’s not what I mean – and we would like to facilitate that – we would love to – but your children suffered a lot with you and your late husband – not that I’m blaming you, it was so – unfortunate that he got injured, and you got sick. But the privacy you had, which we all love, meant that your children suffered for a long time as you both deteriorated. You didn’t bring them for Scans, you moved around a lot, you got out of the system, probably by accident… I’m not accusing you of anything. And I know that you are in a fragile state, so I don’t want to go into detail about what your children suffered, but they really did suffer, and it’s going to be hard for them to – slide into the society of the Civ, and it is my job as your DRO representative to make sure that their path to adulthood is as easy as possible, because…” David paused, and everyone in the room could see that he was not used to this kind of conversation at all. “Now, trauma is so rare that a lot of people view it as a kind of toxicity, or transmissible ailment.” He spoke more rapidly. “Everyone knows enough to not blame you, or your sons, but – it takes a lot of work to repair some of the – upset, and not everyone is exactly up to the challenge, because they’re looking forward to marriage and children and so on.”
David reached over and patted the older boy’s knee. He looked away.
“I am fully confident – and I put the resources of my entire organization behind this statement – that your sons will have wonderful lives, and will bring a depth and richness to the Civ – and everyone in it who interacts with them – but I am concerned that if they have more trauma, that will be interrupted, and possibly – not be achieved, sorry that’s awkward but I’m – not used to this, no one really is, or at least very few people…”
Christine stared blankly at him – through him, it seemed.
Her voice was wobbly. “I have only ever wanted what was best for my boys.”
“We know, mom,” said the older boy softly.
She put her cloudy head in her hands. “I was pouring away… I couldn’t give you up, I couldn’t…” Her voice thickened again. “You both, my boys, you stood between me and… What was coming, what was going. And I kept waiting for the help to come – you boys couldn’t help, I know that, out so far…” Her hands closed into white knuckles, and wrapped her skull. “And I’m not young, not old… I come from a long‐lived line of women. I might have ninety more years, without you, with a view of nothing but
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 159
someone’s dead dream of an old forest. I can’t bear it without you… I was greedy, I know it – I grabbed at you and held you close, because you were the only barrel, and I was drowning.”
Christine raised her pained eyes to David.
“I will do anything. Tell me what I need to do.”
David lips quivered. “I have never doubted the sincerity of your desire to be these boys’ mother. You suffered a lot of damage from the tumour. It’s gone, it won’t be back, but we can’t – regrow anything, without turning you into someone else, which would be terrible for you and them. And I hate to say it, but you would be – alarming to the future spouses of these boys, your boys. Listen – I will fully commit to finding you something productive to do with your time – and no one is saying that you can’t see your boys, or that they can’t see you – but my job is to protect their minds and their hearts, and we are faced with a terrible tragedy here, a tragedy that is no one’s fault, and for which there is no clear and easy solution. I am a parent myself; the idea of not seeing my child – of not being a parent – is unbearable; I fully understand that. I have for the last – I’ve been thinking about how much I would sacrifice to keep my daughter healthy – if I became a problem for my daughter in some way, would I withdraw from the relationship in order to keep her well? It’s an unbearable question… I’m so sorry for what you are facing – I’m sorry for the entire family,” he said, turning to the two boys. “And I wish I could turn the decision over to you, but you guys are still like ten years away from brain maturity – and you want to please your mom, of course – we all do, for our own mothers – and so you will do what she wants – and her loneliness and isolation here, which she feels so strongly – and I can’t argue with that – is something that you desperately want to save her from, I can see that clearly… Your mom became very ill, and lost significant – portions of who she is. Was. We can’t get them back, any more than we can suddenly make you both shorter…” David stopped suddenly, plugging up his own torrent of words.
He took a deep breath. “This is not to say that your – perspectives are irrelevant.” He gestured at their mother. “We know what your mother wants, and I am desperate to facilitate that if possible, to make that happen – but what do you boys want? What would be best for you?”
The younger boy burst into tears. The older boy looked stoic, but patted his brother’s thigh absently.
David turned to the crying boy. “Josh, what are you feeling?”
Josh took a shuddering breath. “I feel – I feel cursed, to be honest. I love my mom, she was – great, when we were younger. And nothing goes wrong, all at once – it’s so slow you don’t even notice it, until what’s happening now smashes into what you remember – from before. And we were – in the middle of nowhere, maximum privacy settings. And dad went weird, and mom went weird – sorry mom, I’m sorry. And I feel – outside of everything. Like we go past these buildings, and the – apartments look so pretty, but there is no one in them, and that’s what it’s like for me, I think… I look inside, and there’s no one there, just – survival.”
The last word hit his brother hard.
“Saul?” said David gently. “How are you doing?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 160
“I love her too,” said Saul, his voice cracking from more than puberty. He stopped.
“What do you want to say to your mother?”
Saul turned to her. She sat like a prisoner facing a firing squad.
“I do love you, I do. But…” He gestured at his brother. “I know what ate away at you, but I don’t know what ate where, in you… But help was a button away, and for years, you and dad – you must’ve talked about what was happening – with dad it was all at once, but with you it was slower, and you must’ve noticed something… You hung on to us, rather than – face what was happening. Dad got, like, decapitated all at once, from the injury, from Featherball, he was gone, mostly – but you, you weren’t that sick yet, and you took us away, into…”
Christine said: “Because I loved him, you know.”
A tear spilled from Saul’s eye. “I know you did mom, and I know that he was there first, but…”
There was a pause, as what needed to be said – the next inevitable words – stopped in the throat of the older child.
David said: “You loved your broken husband at the expense of your children.” He immediately half‐ regretted his words, because he knew that the shattered family needed to find their way themselves. He apologized, and told them to carry on. He had forgotten all about Roman, and glanced at him. The older man stood stiffly, his lips compressed, his face set like stone.
There was a long silence ‐ strangely not awkward.
“I thought it was just – grief,” said Christine finally. “I was foggy, and desolate, and lost. It was grief, for the greatest man, but it was also the tumour…” Her eyes suddenly flashed with anger. “It was not fair, none of it – why should I suffer, why should I give him up, I didn’t know the end of the road, I didn’t even know there was a road.” She turned to her eldest son. “And you’re right, you’re right – it was gradual, it was bit by bit, bite by bite, who could have known from the first forgotten – name, that we would end up here? It’s easy to see now, looking back, but looking forward is a fog, let’s never forget that!”
The youngest boy said: “Mom!” There was such supplication, such a plea for an even temper, that it tore through the room like a firestorm. Josh could feel the possibility of family unity slipping away, and everyone in the room could feel his desperate desire to stuff himself into the widening holes of his mother’s instability, and make her whole.
There was another pause. Christine stared resentfully at nothing.
Saul suddenly said: “Oh for the love of… She’s not here, she’s not coming, why are we continuing?”
David took a long, slow breath. “I don’t know,” he said, almost in a whisper. “I think I so much wanted it to be something…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 161
Josh said: “Something else, something else, you always want it to be something else – just like she did, just like dad did, and it’s at our expense, always…” He stopped, miserably.
David got up and talked in low rapid tones to the attendant, who stood by the door.
He returned and sat down.
“Part of me wants to blame you, Christine, I’m sorry, but it’s there. You are close, but I don’t see any way to close this gap… It’s not your fault, you’re right, something is missing, something we can’t put back.” He took a deep breath. “Boys, am I right in understanding that this is a kind of – torture for you? If she was – worse, it would be easier, in a way, am I right?”
The two boys nodded, in obvious agony.
“I guess if it was easier, I wouldn’t be here.” David stood suddenly. “Christine, we will be back, but I will need to talk to these boys…”
The thin woman leapt forward with a guttural shriek. The attendant gestured – and she froze in midair, mid‐scowl, her hands like claws reaching for her children. It was a terrible, terrifying sight, a mad gargoyle suspended over the soft carpet, and David hurried the boys out. Roman followed closely, breathing deeply.
David quickly led the two boys to a bare room about halfway down the corridor. He thought of the number of children who got fidgety without stimulation, but these boys seemed to visibly relax, almost as if they were being gently hugged by the bare white walls.
“Josh, Saul – this is the last review of your mother before you reach adulthood in a couple of years. We’ve done five of these so far – three without you – and from what I have seen, there is no possibility of improvement for her.”
As is so often the case, the younger boy started sniffling, while the older boy hardened his face.
“Come on Josh. We talked about this, it wasn’t likely to change.”
Josh’s cheeks were red. “I’m not allowed to be sad now?”
David let the two brothers talk to each other.
Saul said: “You can be sad, just don’t pretend to be surprised.”
Josh’s hands closed into white fists. “You’re such an – empty rock! She’s not coming out, we have to live…” He turned to David. “Where are we going to live again?”
Saul answered: “You don’t remember anything. You can live with me, I can get support, or you can go off to some other family if you want.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 162
Everyone in the room – even Roman – heard the sentence in Saul’s mind that was not uttered: I don’t care either way.
Josh stared miserably at the tiled grey floor. If Saul felt any remorse, he hid it well.
Josh whispered: “What you want me to do?”
Saul immediately shot back: “I’m not dad. Make your own choices.”
Stony ground, thought David.
Josh stared at him. “I don’t know…”
David said: “You don’t have to know, right now at least.” He turned to the older boy.
“Do you know what a short‐circuit is?”
Saul nodded, looking away.
“You have kind of a short‐circuit at the moment, because you had to grow up too fast. We know what happened with your mother – the mania, the depression, the hysteria, the – cold rage, where you couldn’t have a – different opinion. You were squeezed from all sides. And alone. And your father was – violent, we know that too. Violence is a kind of panic, you know, like someone falling off a cliff will grab at anything to stay up. The hole in his brain was a black spot, one of the largest I’ve ever seen on a scan. He was barely there, just a spine and arms with almost nothing up top. And all of this was put on your shoulders – and you’re a strong boy, I know that, but it’s too much weight for anyone, particularly a child. So – what do you do with that weight? What do you do with that helplessness?” David’s voice grew softer. “What do you do with that hopelessness?”
He moved his chair slightly closer to Saul. Everyone started from the squeaking sound.
“You were in a primitive situation, so you reverted to the mammal. Helplessness is another kind of panic, and when animals feel helpless, they lash out to reassert dominance, because helplessness is a kind of death. Fight back at all costs… Now of course you couldn’t establish any dominance over your father, who was violent – or your mother, who was chaotic and aggressive. This is how the madness gets passed down, or at least tries to. Madness is a kind of virus that replicates by creating the conditions for madness in others, children usually, since they can’t get away. The brain damage of your parents tried to re‐create brain damage in you, in your brother.”
David’s voice was barely above a murmur. “And you wanted to run away, didn’t you?”
There was a long pause, then Saul nodded, almost imperceptibly.
“But you couldn’t, could you? You couldn’t get away, because...”
The word unspoken hung in the air: Josh.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 163
“You stayed to protect him. Or at least give him some comfort. But you couldn’t keep that up, because – he was kind of your prison.”
Saul took a deep breath and wiped his tears angrily. “She wouldn’t let him go. She thinks he’s like her dad, who she worshipped – she thinks I’m like her husband, who she feared, by then. She called me his name sometimes. She thought I was – attacking her, some nights.”
David could see Josh’s hand moved slightly towards his brother, but knew it was a make‐or‐break moment, and was glad he did not touch him.
There was a long pause. David did not want to interrupt any of Saul’s churning thoughts, but it became clear that the older boy would not speak next.
“You know it’s not your brother’s fault,” said David softly. “Your brother was also trying to survive…”
Saul’s lip curled. “But he’s weak – I’m sorry, but it’s true.”
David nodded slowly, holding his hand up to Josh. “What would you have done, in his position?”
Saul’s jaw tightened. “Something – different, something stronger. Something not so – pitiful. He just curled into a ball and let things happen.”
David nodded again. “But you had – longer…”
A deep sense of truth shook the boy’s body. He held up both his hands, as if to shield himself from what was coming.
David said: “You are two‐and‐a‐half years older. You had a lot longer time of – normal stuff. Your brother doesn’t really remember things being very normal, is that right Josh?”
Josh shook his head. Everyone understood the ambiguous response.
David said: “You don’t take any pride in being older, Saul, do you? Or taller?”
Saul shot David a sharp look, as if to say: don’t ask such stupid questions!
David said: “You were accidentally born earlier, you are accidentally older, you accidentally had more responsibilities, you accidentally got promoted to helpless pretend father, you accidentally had someone to protect who trapped you there – and you both accidentally fell through the cracks – for which the entire Civ is responsible, and we will help you out. You are both what is called an ‘outlier,’ which means your situation is so unusual that I’ve never seen or heard of it before. We left you out in the cold, where you should never have been – and we so much want you to come back into the embrace of society. The entire basis of what we do here in the Civ rests on – I don’t even have the words – nothing like this ever happening to children. Nothing we can do here in the Civ can make up for what you boys suffered, but we will do everything we can to bring you back in, with us, to a happy life. If you want to take whatever little consolation you can from this, I can tell you very frankly that we have put in place a number of new procedures to make sure that nothing like this ever happens again – so your
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 164
suffering will at least have saved children in the future. We don’t want you to ever think that what you went through was in vain – it should never have happened, and I think we can now say with pretty good certainty that it will never happen again.
“The great danger now is this: because you think society failed you – and you’re right of course – you will have no loyalty to society, to the Civ. I’m not saying that you’re going to become criminals, of course – but that is where criminals come from. Thieves steal because they were stolen from – their childhoods, their security, their protection. You are – wary of society, because we did not keep you safe. We are sorry, I am personally very sorry, because your safety was my responsibility, because your parents are our customers, they paid us in part to keep you safe, and we failed. That is on us, that is not on you – we were wrong, not you. And you wouldn’t want to judge everyone in the Civ by your parents, right, because that was an incredibly unusual situation – although it was normal life for you, I get that. The combination of isolation, high security, brain damage and a brain tumour, was not something that we had planned for – but we will now, because we never ever want anything like this to ever happen again!”
David leaned forward further. “I don’t think you’re going to become criminals, you both had people to care for you when you were younger – Saul, you had your parents, and Josh, you had Saul, though you may not feel that at the moment. All this can be fixed, and you can be wonderful additions to the Civ – famous in a way, if you want to be. But – the great danger is not your relationship to the Civ, but your relationship with each other. I have a brother, and I can tell you what an amazing thing it is to go through life with someone who was there every step of the way. I’m afraid to say that you have lost your parents – though your mother’s body remains alive – and that happens to all of us eventually. Aunts, uncles, grandparents, parents – they almost always die before us. And our children, well I have a daughter, she doesn’t know anything, really, about me before she was born – or a couple of years after at least. Siblings are the only people who can go through the whole life journey with you. You have each other as companions in the journey of life in a way that no other relationship can – come close to. If you let the tragedies of your parents tear you apart, you will lose something immensely precious in this life… If you let brain trauma and disease rip you in two, you are giving up something precious for the sake of something accidental. You lose at the most important game you might not even know you are playing. Don’t blame each other for what happened to you both. Saul, don’t blame Josh for being younger and more helpless, that’s just an accident. Josh – and this is very important, because it’s harder to see – but Josh, don’t blame Saul for being older and taking more of the horrors your parents were dishing out. Don’t blame him for feeling more responsible, don’t blame him for resenting you because he had to shield you. You know what it’s like to feel helpless – but you don’t know what it’s like to feel helpless, and have to protect someone else at the same time. You don’t know what it’s like to try and be a human shield against adult violence. You don’t know what it’s like to be trapped by loyalty. Your brother has ended up resenting you, but he is still a child himself, and one of the things that unjust authority always does is set its prisoners against each other.”
The boys glanced at each other.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 165
David continued: “You’ve learned, I’m sure, of the ‘racism’ hysteria of the Old World – everyone was trained to hate each other, so that they could not band together against their rulers. It’s an instinctive thing – whether it comes from brain damage or a brain tumour or just the mad power lust of the Old World. Unjust power always seeks to control through division. Your relationship – or what’s left of it – is just a shadow cast by the ancient rulebook called ‘divide and conquer.’ Your relationship is like one of those insects trapped in amber from the time of the dinosaurs – it’s a relic of ancient times, before civilization. And the challenge now is that we are opening our arms to invite you back into civilization. We are sorry, we are desperate to make amends, we promise that this will not happen again… We have learned, we have improved, we have been humbled by what happened to you. But you will never be able to love the Civ more than you love each other. Everything that happens in civilization starts in the family – that is the great lesson the horrors of the Cataclysms taught us. You cannot fix anything without first fixing the family – you cannot have a peaceful world while children are aggressed against. You cannot find love in life if you cannot find it at the beginning. I want you both to be great friends, great fathers, great husbands, great – participants in a world you don’t know very well, the world where people are raised peacefully and reasonably. You need to speak the language we all speak, but you were taught the opposite.”
David took a deep breath.
“I will provide to you any and all resources you need to live happy lives – I know that you know me as the head of a DRO, some kind of impersonal business guy – and I’m also responsible to a large degree for what happened to you, which I take very, very personally. I think of my daughter going through what you boys have gone through, and it truly breaks my heart.” David leaned forward and took the hands of the two boys.
“This is personal for me, deeply personal. It is not business. I don’t have to do what I do, but I do it because I know that the peace and plenty of the modern world is entirely dependent upon our willingness and ability to protect children from exactly what you went through. Your suffering is a personal dishonor to me, and I will make it right! You have a servant in me – a slave if you want...”
There were slight giggles.
“...and you will never ever have to go through this life without support ever again. The virtue of a society is defined by how it treats its children – and the future of the Civ is in the cribs of our offspring.” David smiled. “You literally won’t believe how many people are waiting for the outcome of this meeting – it’s not just me who feels ashamed; we as a society feel absolutely wretched about what happened to you! It is a brutal and humbling reminder of how close we are to everything that led to the Cataclysms. In the Old World, what happened to you, all the suffering you went through, would be just – ignored by everyone around – family, friends, neighbours, teachers, priests, you name it. There are endless reports in the archives of children being assaulted, beaten, tortured – screaming at the top of their lungs, while everyone in the building went about their business, and no one even bothered to call the authorities – which they could have done anonymously if they were afraid of blowback – but no one lifted a finger. Everyone stepped over… This is an analogy of course, but in my mind’s eye, everyone stepped over the
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 166
broken bodies of broken children, because they were late for the bus, or had a movie to see, or were excited to go on a date. Everyone lived in this selfish bubble, while the blood of children rained down on them – and then they wondered why the world kept getting worse, and they yelled at each other and spent their imaginary money and tried meditation and yoga and travel and drugs – and even voted for different leaders – to try to feel happy and rid themselves of their growing anxiety, their terror at all they had not done…
“But you can’t brutalize children – and ignore the brutalization of children – and be happy, or secure, or have a future – either as a person or a society. They would watch movies about the days of slavery, and they would understand that the slaveowner could never be happy – and then they would go back to brutalizing and indoctrinating their own children, feeling weirdly secure that they were vastly superior to everyone who had come before! They would genitally mutilate their babies; the mothers would happily run off to work at some dumb job, and have strangers pretend to raise their own children! The children were taught to hate themselves – and their own society – in the government schools – and if they got bored or resisted, they were drugged into near‐oblivion. They were exposed to adult topics and images very early in life, unsupervised, uncontrolled... They had no say in their society, no one profited from protecting them – indeed, the profit was always in the abuse!”
David took a deep breath and wiped his eyes. “Children were treated worse than livestock – because at least a farmer lost money if his livestock got sick, or did not have offspring. The children of the Old World were broken into tiny pieces, and reassembled into empty self‐hating cogs in the machinery of power. People – governments – even borrowed against the future earnings of the children, casting them into a pit of economic slavery before they were even born. Imagine stealing from a sperm and an egg – that is pickpocketing of a truly hellish dimension!”
David sighed. “I’m sorry, I don’t mean to give you a history lesson of things you probably already know, but that’s what I mean when I say that you are a shadow cast by the Old World, and we are here to bring you to the light. To the present. You must not hate each other for what was done to you – or the injuries and the tumour win. The Old World wins…”
David’s voice wobbled. “And here’s the basic truth, the last thing I need to say.”
He stood up and gestured at the white door.
“Your mother, she will not leave. She cannot. She has no place out in the world, she will just frighten people and make – messes. And she will be around children – that can’t be helped – and we have to protect them at all costs, as you know – at least by my words, not by my historical deeds. She can’t get out – but you can!”
David’s voice sharpened in intensity.
“The real danger is that there is a part of you both that will never leave this building, that will stay with your mother, out of a sense of responsibility, of guilt – of anger at me, at the Civ. You will be very tempted to stay here, with her, in your mind. Asking children to abandon their mother is one heck of a
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 167
thing…” David smiled. “You have imprinted on her, like little ducks in a way, and you are trained to follow her wherever she goes – even into the whirlpool of what happened to her. But the point of the Civ is to raise ourselves from mammals to – angels! To reject the material instincts of the mammal, and rise to the angels of philosophy. We are more angels than mammals, that’s what defines us as a species, our capacity for rational thought and universal values. We are not asking you to become less human, but more human – which means to reject the suffering that provokes the mammal within you – you, Josh, to scorn and reject your brother, so you can feel more powerful. You, Josh, to play out this pretend helplessness which you know provokes your brother, because you are angry at him for putting you down. Those are the mechanics of your relationship, but they don’t have to be. There’s an old story called ‘Hamlet,’ where the main guy apologizes to his friend with the analogy that he has shot an arrow over a house, and hit him by accident. What happened to your family was a terrible accident. Do not let accidents destroy you – that is what animals do, but we are not animals, we are human beings, we are angels, and we can rise above almost anything and everything! Love each other for what you have survived, forgive brute circumstances for what happened to you, and join us in the Civ!”
David suddenly felt an intense and hostile skepticism radiating from Roman, who stood stiffly by the door. He stepped between the older warrior and the two boys, as if he could be a human shield against the radioactive cynicism.
He felt a strong urge to keep talking, but knew that the boys had to rise to meet his words – and that their futures hung in the balance.
But then, an amazing thing happened – David was desperately hoping that Josh would apologize to his younger brother, but it was Josh who put his hand on Saul’s shoulder and said:
“I’m sorry, Saul.”
What exactly he was apologizing for was both opaque and blindingly clear. He was apologizing for pretending to be helpless, for trapping his brother, for not doing his part to maintain and repair their relationship, for rolling over and letting events flatten him. For not taking any shred of leadership in the suffering they both were going through – for putting all responsibility on his brother, and breaking him with the weight of his own inaction.
And it was the breaking of that cycle that broke the distance between them.
Josh returned the apology, and they suddenly hugged each other, looking very, very small.
David and Roman went for dinner in the cafeteria. The serving bot was genuinely confused as to why Roman had no order history. David tried to explain that Roman had enabled maximum privacy, but the bot complained that it had no record of that setting, or of Roman at all.
Finally, Roman snapped: “Maximum privacy, you tangled piece of machinery, which means I live in the woods, and have no presence here!”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 168
David soothed the machine with an override, and it bustled off placidly to get their food.
Roman turned to David. “That was total crap, in there.”
David shrugged. “Tell me more.”
“Yeah, those kids had it rough, I guess, but all of this handholding and crying and hugging and...” The older man shuddered. “It’s like everything is being run by – women, or something.”
“What do you mean?”
“All that sensitivity stuff. Bad things happen, you shut your mouth, you move on. You spent – what, close to an hour talking to those kids? That’s not the world, that’s not realistic.”
“You keep thinking that ‘the world’ is your world. In this world, we process feelings, because we understand that all psychological problems arise from the denial of legitimate suffering.”
“Hey – I wouldn’t deny that they have suffered. That never would’ve happened in my tribe.”
“Almost nothing else happens in your tribe,” said David evenly, obviously probing for resistance,
Roman laughed harshly. “You see? Even that weird little jab is so – feminine. If you have something to say, just say it! Don’t sigh and pretend it’s a conversation.”
David said: “You and I speak different languages. I’m looking for common ground. Let’s start with this. You think it was a waste of my time to spend an hour talking to those boys?”
Roman shrugged and gestured vaguely. “You all seem to have so little to do that – who the hell am I to tell you that your time is being wasted – but coddling those boys won’t do them any good.”
“Do you know the price of pain?”
Roman started. “What?”
“Those boys are in pain. If we don’t find a way to ease that pain – through empathy, concern – then that pain will cost us. Even in the Old World, they knew that children who suffered a lot ended up costing society about twenty times more. The average person produces at least a bitcoin worth of value over the course of his or her life – tens of millions of dollars in old currency. Criminals cost 10 to 15 bitcoins. So that’s what – a hundred million dollars plus that swings on one hour of conversation – and follow‐up, of course. I don’t see how that’s a bad investment at all.”
The conversation paused as their food was delivered.
Roman grimaced, poking at his plate. “I feel like there’s going to be engine oil in my pasta.”
“Once criminality goes below a certain threshold – and we had 38 murders across the entire Civ last year, out of a population of seven hundred and fifty million – then people don’t need to protect themselves from it. It’s not just the cost of the stolen goods or the prosecution or the expulsion or
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 169
whatever – it’s the cost of having to protect all of your stuff – alarms and thumbprints and voice recognition and insurance – it’s a staggering amount of money. Here, people can leave their doors unlocked, they make enough – and have enough – that they don’t even think of stealing, why would you? Children can roam freely, women can walk all night if they want to. There are still occasional crimes, but we have found the cure for criminality: peaceful parenting. Even in your world, rare random accidents happen, but you don’t plan your life around them. Someone gets hit by lightning, a tree branch falls on you out of nowhere – it happens, but it’s not a central part of life. That’s like crime here. Those two boys were in grave danger of having no respect for their society, because their society had failed them. There is a social contract here – though not like in the Old World. The real social contract, the contract of the Civ – the contract I have spent my life defining and enforcing – is this: protect children.”
Roman blinked. “I was kind of expecting more.”
David smiled and shook his head. “Nope, that’s it.”
Roman scowled. “Come on!”
David said: “Do you know how we domesticated dogs?”
“We don’t use animals.”
“This isn’t about you, but okay. We domesticated dogs by feeding them, and not beating them. Same with cats. Why not with children? Treat them well, don’t hit them, reason with them, don’t punish them – and they grow up to love you and your society. If society has treated them well, then society gains credibility – and credibility is the very essence of the Civ. So when their society tells them to obey a certain rule – if the children have grown up respecting the rules of the society, which protected them, then they are much more willing to listen to the rules of society, and obey them. Why are you the leader?”
The question obviously took Roman by surprise. “Why am I the leader?” He mused for a moment, then shrugged. “Because I get things done. I win.”
“And you have proven that, over time.”
“Oh yeah. Yes.”
“And does anyone doubt your ability to get things done – to win?”
Roman scoffed. “Oh, there are always the young bucks nipping at your heels, waiting for me to go soft in my old age, but no, not really.”
“So, you have – credibility.”
“Yeah. Yes I do.”
“Outside of your children, when was the last time you had to use violence to be in charge?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 170
Roman’s face softened slightly, as his focus shifted to history. “Don’t know… I get things done with a glance by now, but when I was younger, I had to fight all the time – but remember, violence was used on me as well!”
“I don’t forget that for a second,” said David slowly.
“When I was – oh, twelve, around puberty of course, we did this thing – it happened for everyone, my boys… You had to stay up all night, standing, not even leaning on anything, and then you had to dodge arrows, three times your age, thirty‐six arrows for me. My father and uncles shot at me – you’d think that because they were family they might go easy, but I think they went harder, they knew where I would dodge…” Roman laughed. “All you had to do was not curl up in a ball, just keep twisting and turning. The arrows couldn’t kill you – they had cloth on the end, but they left a helluva bruise – and you had to watch your eyeballs, to speak of two of four… That was a long while, probably only a couple minutes, but it felt like a lifetime.” His aging voice shone with pride. “They only hit me six times – some of the best archers in the tribe. I kept that record until…” He turned and locked eyes on David. “My son had just finished his trial, the day before he met your daughter. It’s a point of pride I guess, you’re really exhausted, but you stay up that night anyway…”
Roman’s voice trailed off, as his mind got lost in subterranean warrens. His lined face looked slashed by the knives of time.
“That’s the difference,” said David softly. He had an urge to place his palm on the back of the older man’s hand, but knew that would be violently rejected. “You have credibility because of your ability to withstand suffering, I have credibility because of my ability to prevent suffering.”
Roman murmured: “Not with those two boys though.”
David shook his head. “No, also with them. I can’t do anything about their past suffering, but I can do a lot about the future.”
Roman shook his head slowly. “And that’s the vanity that will end you. And the Civ.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 171