Chapter 38
I did not sleep very well – usually a sign that someone was screwing with my self‐interest – so I was a little bleary‐eyed when Cornelius came in the next morning.
“You want to get some breakfast out?”
I blinked. “I think so – I’m not actually sure if I can roam around without an – escort, from the – authorities, or whatever.”
Cornelius smiled. “Well, you don’t have a contract presence here, so you couldn’t really get anything done. You don’t have a way of paying for anything, you don’t actually have the right to use other people’s private property – and of course everything here is private property, sidewalks, roads, you name it.”
“Wait, what? There’s no – public spaces at all?”
“There is no public. No government, of course – it’s a hell of a mindset to change over to, but for almost all of human history, we had slaves, but you were able to survive in a society without slavery, right? It’s just another progression.”
“So – how do I – get around?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 330
“You’re my guest. Like a tourist. On my contracts.”
I smiled suddenly. “So you are – responsible for what I do? Liable?”
Cornelius nodded. “But you won’t do anything stupid. You have a big trial coming up.”
My elevated mood deflated. “I still don’t know what the hell – what that means, really. And I don’t even know what I’m to be – charged with. I keep thinking about the Nuremberg trials, but I didn’t run any damn genocides or invade half the world or…”
“You’re thinking of medical experimentation…”
I shrugged tightly. “It was a pandemic.”
He paused, then also shrugged. “The truth is, I don’t know what you’re going to be charged with.”
“Then obviously I might not be charged at all…”
Cornelius pursed his lips and cocked his head. “I wouldn’t hold out for that. I don’t know exactly what their thinking is, but they will communicate with me when they are ready. Anyway, I get grumpy if I end up more than ninety minutes between eating, so let’s get moving.”
Cornelius signed my day pass at the front reception, and we walked out through the entrance – and it was strange to me, to look out the front of a building, and not see any roads or driveways or parking spaces or cars. Everything seemed – incomplete. I guess roads always get built before the buildings. It was like leaving some drug lord’s helicopter hideout deep in the jungle.
“Must look a lot different,” said Cornelius. “I can’t imagine.”
“I’m torn between demanding that you explain everything, and trying to figure it out for myself.”
“These are good problems to have, relative to dying 500 years ago.”
I was about to nod, but had a deep chill of foreboding – a sense that he might not be right at all…
Cornelius said: “I’ve called a cab, it will take a few minutes.”
“Give me the – orbital view, that’s what my Secretary of Defense used to say.”
“All right,” said Cornelius. “We have some – not exactly cities, but downtown areas, where people like to live close to each other, and the action – dancing, dating, that sort of ‘young person stuff.’ Businesses are largely decentralized, people work virtually, although that changes, it seems, every couple of years – some genius comes along with the idea that working face‐to‐face is the way to go, so everyone bunches together – then someone else is inspired by decentralization, so people scatter again – it’s like this weird economic heartbeat, people just can’t make up their minds I suppose – or we love variety, and that kind of explains it. Right now, we are in a decentralized phase – at least for work. People can get pretty much whatever they want to eat at home, but most people like to congregate socially, so restaurants are still
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 331
very popular. People just love conversation – they compete for experiences, insights, mmm ‐ storytelling. The ‘extreme sports’ people get a lot of attention – some people like to go rough, primitive, without communications or backup. I guess that’s another kind of heartbeat of the species – we are so sophisticated, so technological, that there is always this ‘back to the land’ dirty‐fingernails nature cult naturalist movement. But their kids always seem to get itchy, and come right back. Lots of experimentation, you can find just about anything here – there are even people who try to do the communist thing, live in common, share everything, raise kids in a collective – but they are mostly ejected from the contract system, because – well, there’s a reason why the Cataclysms also start with a ‘C.’”
I could tell that he was dropping a hint, seeing if I wanted to know more, but I most fervently did not. If I were given the choice between knowing about these Cataclysms, and going back to sleep – or even being thrown off a cliff – I would refuse the knowledge.
As the white floating taxi came towards us, Cornelius said: “It’s a great life, make no mistake.” He took a deep breath and exhaled. “Mankind – well, we never really knew what it was like to live in a sustainable system – there was always some looming disaster – environmental, nuclear ‐ war as a whole ‐ debt, unfunded liabilities, demographic disasters – I don’t know how people did it, living on the knife‐edge their entire lives, not knowing how their children could live – or even if they would. Charging from place to place around the world, escaping injustice and tyranny, begging for a few years of transitory and fading liberties – it was a burning zoo, animals were trapped, went mad, ate each other, their own offspring…”
I prayed that Cornelius was simply speaking allegorically. “I don’t want to know about the Cataclysms.”
He sighed. “Don’t blame you. But you might have to learn, depending on the charges.”
The broad white taxi settled just above the ground, and I climbed into the wide seating that looked like a white‐washed set of pews from a new church.
“Quite religious,” I said.
“We have a more religious society than you ever did,” said Cornelius. I was curious, but he declined to elaborate, and I would not lower myself to ask.
Cornelius spoke a name – a destination I suppose – and the sky‐taxi rose from the ground with an eerie and unsettling absence of sound and wind. I realized with a start that all my movement – in my past life – wwas loud in a way. Cars, trains, airplanes in particular – even boats, with the slop of the waves and the thrum of the engine. The footsteps of my walking, the slight sound of wind in my ear – but this mode of transport was perfectly silent. I was moving – and very fast as well – but everything was as quiet as if I were sitting in my cottage on a perfectly still day.
Again, I declined to comment. I always hated looking like a tourist. Whenever I would visit some new location, I would demand that my staff school me on a variety of local details.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 332
“The restaurant is a long way away,” said Cornelius, trying to settle his bulk on a pew.
“Because we need secrecy,” I said.
Cornelius tapped his forefinger to his temple. “Smart man.”
I gestured at the flying pews. “So you’re saying – this actually goes a lot faster?”
He smiled and nodded.
“What about your – electronic devices?” I asked.
Cornelius laughed. “Sorry, not funny, but there’s no manufacturer that would survive five minutes if they snooped, we are totally safe that way. So…”
“This must be pretty damn serious.”
“I don’t – I’m good with words, but I genuinely don’t know how to ask.”
I stared at him, refusing to prompt him.
Cornelius said: “What could they charge you with?”
I laughed openly, contemptuously. “How the hell am I supposed to know?”
“Come on, I’m sure you read the pamphlet.”
“So?” My jaw tightened. “This is all just a – show trial. Scapegoating 101. You need to justify your world, so you attack mine – even though my world was the foundation for yours.” I stood up, feeling slightly nauseous from the silent sliding of scenery going past. “This is all total bull. A society that looks backward always crashes! Why are you so obsessed with – my decisions, in my world, with my standards, my laws, from 500 years ago? You brought me back to life, thank you – I suppose – but for what? To parade me around as a – a totem, a voodoo doll of past sins? You think I’m a slave owner, an evil man – then why resurrect me? Jesus died for your sins, I guess you brought me back to life so that I could be killed for mine. And I prayed, back in the day, I don’t know what you mean when you say that your society is more religious, but I did pray, on my knees, every night – mornings sometimes too – and the guidance I got – it seemed that I was on the right path, that I was – using my power for good, because sure as sunrise all the other assholes who were trying to grab the ring would’ve done terrible things to the world – I know you talk about these Cataclysms, and their relationship to – my son – but it’s not me, go and dig him up and run your magic electricity through his – heart, and throw him on the funeral pyre of your hatred, I don’t – I genuinely don’t care at this point. You seem like a good guy, don’t get me wrong, I’m glad to be here, though I hate the message – but what the hell am I supposed to do? I led a free nation, I didn’t shoot or jail my political opponents, we had free speech, gun ownership, private property, a relatively functional court system – what the hell would you do if you had resurrected some tinpot nose‐ring dictator from Africa? For some reason I feel safe from being called a ‘racist’ right now… But I was the most benevolent leader of the freest country in the world, and you’re
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 333
going to just – throw me in some public cage and lash me with whips invented long after my death? This is beyond ridiculous! I’m not gonna say that I really thought about what it was going to be like to wake up – I was just – trying to twist and turn from the grim reaper in those final ‐ weeks, get everything sorted out before he got me, things were pretty chaotic. And I guess I thought I would wake up in some Star Trek universe and give lectures about the past and be…” My voice caught, which I hated, because it betrayed self‐pity. “…respected, valued – I mean, if George Washington had been shocked back to life, he would have been a miracle‐man. Yeah, the crazies would’ve nagged him about slavery, but – he would’ve headlined every political conference from here to eternity…”
It’s not fair!
I clamped down before the cowardly words escaped my throat.
Cornelius looked at me placidly.
“I don’t want to interrupt,” he said.
I tried to laugh. “I’m lost in time, standing sick on a floating church, confessing my sins to a – priest of the new world. If you don’t interrupt, I’ll speak until the goddamned sun goes dark!”
He paused delicately. “I find that when I am over‐packed with words, bleeding them off helps.”
I paced back and forth. The floor was as solid as granite. “What did I do wrong? By what standard? Render unto Caesar… Did I bear false witness? Yes. Jesus is perfect, I am mortal. Did I – kill?” I paused.
“You started a war.”
“I gave the word, but the word was not mine.” I paused – security was so ingrained within me that it felt impossible to go on. “You don’t have clearance,” I said finally.
“I don’t want to remind you of Nuremberg, but when the government falls, so does its security. After slavery, slave contracts are invalid.”
“I’m a Nazi and a slave owner!” I said with giddy despair. “I assume I can’t just – jump off this damn thing.”
Cornelius paused. “My wife is a psychologist; she would be better at this – but I am making these comparisons so that you understand the – magnitude of the moral changes. Think of how much became unacceptable in your own lifetime – how much the ethics changed. And what became acceptable. We are talking 500 years.”
“Then how the hell can you judge me?”
“We do not judge you, that is the essence of the law.”
I sat down heavily and put my head in my hands. “Please God, stop beating around the bush and tell me plain.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 334
“We do not judge you,” said Cornelius evenly. “You judge yourself.”
“If you think you are making anything clear, you are fired.”
Cornelius stood over me and placed his hand gently on my shoulder. “We do not judge a man by any standard other than his own. The defense of insanity results from a man violating none of his own standards, because he has lost his mind. You presided over the judgements of history, in your country. Statues were torn down, past men – and women – castigated, cursed and condemned. You went back centuries, dug up reputations and eviscerated them in the public square. If you had been able to resurrect George Washington, as you say, he would have been chased through the streets with pitchforks. Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin – all the Founding Fathers – were all judged by contemporary standards, and found to be evil. You presided over a culture that applied its current moral standards to people dead for centuries. You never opposed that!”
“Am I to be judged by the general culture? The tenor of your times strikes me as highly individualistic – what is all this collectivist judgement?”
“You made speeches in favour of this – reckoning, you called it. You opposed those who wanted to protect the historical statues – you lied about them, calling them ‘racists.’ You spoke favourably of restitutions for slavery…”
I laughed harshly. “You want to know the truth?” I pointed at his chest. “You don’t have these – jackals – running around in your society smashing up everyone who disagrees with them, the lunatics with barrels of ink and the biggest megaphones on the planet. I had to get elected – that was my job, and we’re only alive because this stupid floating pew‐box is doing its job – and yes, there were things that you had to say in order to get elected, I guess in this Ken and Barbie perfect world you don’t have to make those kinds of compromises, but I did!” I jumped up, waving my hands in exasperation. “Someone is going to be in charge – yes, it was me, and I made – moral compromises to get there, if you like – but you are judging me while living on this – surreal floating cruise ship – while I’m trying to survive a storm in a schooner, having to throw things overboard – and you just call me wasteful and incompetent. Let’s try a little experiment, in our minds. Imagine you come back with me, reverse‐time, 500 years – no, more, when I was campaigning – and you tell me what I should do. Are you going to tell me to tell the truth about everything? What does that even mean? And we had some of those people – God help them, they burrowed up to the stratosphere on social media – yeah, they told the truth. We told them to have honest conversations about controversial issues, and they took the bait and tried to, and they got nuked from the social landscape. They brought up the – science of sex differences, and got destroyed. Imagine trying to talk about the national debt – and the need to pay it off – in a debate! The topic was never even raised, it would be – unthinkable! You would just tell me to – what, speak the truth, get hounded out of public life, let the liars take over! Bring me to your world, I look – wrong, incompetent, immoral I suppose. But if you were to come to my world, you would be – ineffectual, ridiculous – suicidal.”
Cornelius said: “The war.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 335
My nausea grew. “Everybody looks at the President like he bestrides the world, a colossus. But I’m just a guy with people whispering in my ear. Everyone votes for me, but they’re not voting for me – they’re voting for my advisors – and yes, I can see it, you say I am responsible for choosing my advisors – but I’m not a God, I’m not omniscient – how the hell am I supposed to choose the right advisors? My science advisor – I’m not a scientist! I’m not an economist, not a doctor, not a – military man. I frankly had no idea – half the time – what the hell people were talking about, and by God you better never tell anyone this! I nodded a lot, and pretended to take notes – just doodles really, sometimes. ‘Oh, Mr. President, we need you in the situation room, Defcon three, sit‐rep post‐haste!’ And the military men say ‘fight,’ and the diplomats say ‘talk,’ and the economists say ‘spend,’ and the academics say, ‘fund’ – and no one, no man alive, no soul with a voice – can ever say what a farce it is! I was told there had been a chemical attack – what the hell was I supposed to do, go out with my Grade 9 science kit and scan the soil? ‘Oh, Mr. President, there are weapons of mass destruction, the leftist guerrillas are about to take over, the terrorists are at the wedding, he’s about to invade Kuwait, the Russians fired on the destroyer!’ And you nod, because everyone needs a – figurehead – to justify their own crap, their own greed, their own…” I covered my face with my hands, breathing deeply.
“It is not that you invaded a country,” said Cornelius gently. “That can be survived. The question is: did you accept that standard for other countries? Could other countries claim a chemical attack, and use it as a justification to invade? If not – if you opposed that – then you will be found guilty, by your own standards.”
“Where the hell am I?” I whispered.
Cornelius’s eyes were gentle and sad. “In the clouds, after your resurrection, in a pew, being judged I’m afraid.”
“I truly do not understand what is happening – it’s this strange brain magic voodoo you’ve got going on, I was subject to the law I imposed – I paid my taxes and did not speed and never strangled a hobo, why are you trying to trip me up with words? Is the afterlife a strange sadistic web of words, a maze that leads nowhere except to self‐abuse?”
I truly hated those last two words, and scrambled for something else to say, to bury them, to cover them up, but nothing came into my mind. I closed my eyes, but the flowing clouds still blew past.
“The history of morality is both very complex, and very simple,” said Cornelius. “Simply put, morality was invented by the rulers to control the masses. If everyone is a thief, there is nothing to steal. The best thieves convince other people that stealing is wrong – not because the thief believes that stealing is wrong, of course, but because he wants to reduce his competition.”
“I never stole a thing in my life! And don’t get me started on elections, none of that was ever proven in a court of law.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 336
“Well, the courts in your day refused to hear the evidence, so I’m not sure how much that means – but I’m not here to litigate centuries‐old elections, but rather to explain to you the moral standard that you will be judged by.”
I stood tall. “I am happy to be examined.”
Cornelius smiled, and I could see the thought scrolling across his eyes – Everyone says that, at the beginning…
“Is morality universal?”
I shrugged. “That depends how you define it. Obviously not, if it’s cultural beliefs.”
“But there are many cultural beliefs that have nothing to do with morality – dance and music, for instance. Are you a religious man?”
I nodded. “Even more so now that I am floating through the clouds talking about ethics.”
Cornelius smiled. “Charismatic…” Again, I felt I could read his thoughts – his unspoken words – to the end… “Jesus expanded tribal morality to universality – his rules applied to Christians and non‐Christians alike. You are a Christian?”
“I am, although flawed of course.”
“Thou shalt not steal is a universal commandment. Also with murder. These are not mere – cultural beliefs, correct?”
I nodded. I was actually strangely enjoying this.
“Are rulers exempt from universal morality?”
I hesitated, feeling a wobble in the sure footing below me. “No.”
“But you were.”
“How so? Presidents have often been held to account.”
Cornelius paused delicately. “You understand that I am simply explaining the legal and moral framework you will be subjected to. These are not all necessarily my own opinions or arguments.”
“Devil’s advocate, of course.”
“One moment,” said Cornelius, as the sky‐pews dipped – I could only tell from the surrounding scenery, since there was no sense of actual motion. A low brown building – constructed entirely of wood – rested impossibly on the very tips of the top branches of a giant tree.
“This place is great,” said Cornelius, stepping to the railing. “If you have to be resurrected for judgement day, at least you get a fantastic meal.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 337
“Not a last one, I hope,” I muttered.
We stepped off the taxi, onto a spiderweb of tiny twigs, a path leading to the entrance. Swallowing, I stepped forward – I knew I would not fall, but my senses screamed otherwise.
An old woman with high cheekbones and white hair greeted us.
“Cornelius!” she exclaimed warmly, before casting a curious glance at me. Her eyes chilled, and she nodded perfunctorily. “Mr. President,” she said.
Cornelius said: “This is Mavis, she used to be an engineer, she has retired, and graced the world with this place.”
Mavis smiled. “Running a restaurant is more work than engineering, so I wouldn’t exactly say that I have ‘retired.’”
Cornelius nodded energetically. “I stand corrected.”
She touched his cheek in a strangely intimate gesture. “You would say anything to get a meal.”
“I continue to stand corrected.”
“Well, come in,” said Mavis, leading us into the restaurant – the spiderweb of twigs continued, and the chairs and tables all seemed to have been grown from the tops of the branches of the tree below – it felt strangely like being a baby tree in the wood‐veined womb of its mother.
“She uses human servers, I thought it would be more – recognizable to you.”
Mavis shook her head. “Not anymore, my daughter got married, my son got lost in VR. We are back to machines, I’m afraid.”
“Can you set them to human?”
“Of course.”
Mavis disappeared behind a thick hedge to our right. Cornelius and I sat on tree stumps on either end of a giant flat mottled grey mushroom.
“You won’t believe this,” said Cornelius.
Dazed, I once again wondered if I had gone mad, and all of this was my brain dying in mortal ecstasy. “I’m not sure I believe – any of it.”
“Understandable.”
A young woman – who faintly reminded me of the bored attendant at the petting zoo ‐ walked up to our mushroom table. She opened a silver case, and inside were two small pieces of paper.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 338
“Please tell me this isn’t lunch,” I said. “Where’s the menu?”
“You are the menu,” replied Cornelius with a smile. He picked up one of the pieces of paper and touched it to his tongue. It chirped happily.
I did the same – there was a slight contraction on my tongue, and I suddenly remembered shrimp chips from a local Thai restaurant gripping my tongue, buried under centuries.
The woman said: “This analyzes your tongue, figures out which flavours would most please you, and that’s what we make!”
I snorted, putting the paper back in the silver box. “So – I just get perfectly‐flavoured goo?”
The waitress cocked her head. “No – texture is an essential part of culinary enjoyment.” She glanced at the paper. “Shrimp chips to start.”
I blinked, then stared at Cornelius accusingly. “I thought you said I had privacy, are they reading my mind?”
“Oh no – it measures saliva, and you probably thought of shrimp chips – it’s all very specific, all very technical, but who cares? It’s divine!”
“Heavenly…” I muttered bitterly. “If this place is so – such paradise – why are we alone?”
“For privacy,” said Cornelius simply. “Hundreds of millions of people are rabidly curious to see you, I reserved the place.”
I laughed. “It’s still strange being in places without security, without the Secret Service.”
Cornelius nodded, saying nothing.
The belly of the waitress started to make a slight grinding sound, but Cornelius held up his hand.
“No, no ‐ full human please.”
The grinding stopped, and she walked back behind the giant hedge.
A cloud of brightly‐coloured birds suddenly blew up and sat in the maze of twigs overhead. They chirped with gentle musicality.
“When my daughter was young,” I said, staring around, “she would go on and on about the kind of restaurant she would – make, when she grew up. It had jungles and – playgrounds – and I remember that she would tell me all about the birds that would be in the restaurant – and I told her that she couldn’t have birds there, because they would just – poop all over the customers, and the food.”
He stared at me. “You’re wondering if these are real?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 339
I nodded slowly. “I think I’m having trouble knowing what the word means. What was that sound coming from the waitress?”
Cornelius smiled. “Oh, she can make the food in her belly, and it comes out on tiny jet packs – if you order spaghetti, it can spell out your name, kids love it – but I asked her to go ‘full human,’ which means that she pretends that the food is being prepared in the kitchen, and comes out with it on plates.”
I scowled. “Oh my actual God, this is all so decadent!”
I was still continually disoriented by everyone’s complete lack of offense. I was an expert at milking and mining human volatility, but no one here was volatile – I felt like an amateur troll on an advanced self‐ knowledge forum.
Cornelius said nothing.
I glanced up at the bright birds, preening and chirping and occasionally pecking each other. They had pooped, but some invisible shield kept it from falling.
I said: “This is the restaurant my daughter dreamed of, and I’m getting shrimp chips. Is this a simulation?”
Cornelius said: “Would that make me Morpheus?”
I remember my eldest son – the drip – demanding that I watch some movie about a bad actor who wakes up in some kind of simulated reality. I only remembered it because he almost never demanded anything. I think I fell asleep.
“It’s not a simulation,” said Cornelius. “We all have so much in common, what your daughter dreamed of is not unusual. The real simulation came from your world, from the media and what you called education – the fantasy that we were all so different, so opposed, that we must fight like dogs for the amusement of – whoever.”
The waitress brought our food on wide steaming china plates. She looked apologetically at Cornelius.
“I can’t go completely old‐fashioned, we still needed the dividers.”
I looked at my food – it was a mix of Indian and Mexican, with some spinach and cheese cubes and peas. Each flavour was divided by a tiny invisible space, as if a knife had slashed between them, and the gap had been frozen in time.
“I’m so sorry, do you want some wine?” asked Cornelius.
I paused.
Cornelius said: “I apologize, I don’t drink, but you should feel free to if you want.”
“You’re just trying to take advantage of me,” I replied.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 340
Cornelius laughed. “Just water then.”
Using a golden fork, I took a bite from the spinach.
Oh
My
God!
It was like my tongue had come alive in all dimensions, with all flavours. Anticipating my reaction, Cornelius handed me a napkin, which I used to wipe the excess of saliva that greeted the incredible tastes.
“Don’t talk, just eat,” he said, as if I had any practical choice in the moment.
After the meal – which, needless to say, left me perfectly satisfied – Cornelius crossed his heavy legs.
“Normally, we’d go for a sunset sky‐walk, but you’ve had quite a lot of – sensations today, and you should probably just sit.”
I nodded.
Cornelius said: “How is your sanity?” He tapped his temple. “Are you doing all right?”
I suddenly felt a sting of tears, deep in my brain. I took a harsh breath, willing them away. The desert sun of my dry self‐regard burned them away immediately.
“Well, Professor, I’m well enough to return to our undergraduate philosophy 101 course, since I am apparently to be judged by academics who never held political power.”
I could see that he was about to correct me – something about being judged by myself – but restrained himself.
Eventually, he said: “You were not subject to the laws of your time.”
I snorted. “Why not?”
“Because you could create laws – effectively, through executive orders, or through Congress – which citizens of course were unable to do.”
“Citizens created laws by voting in politicians. I’m sure you’re aware of this, so I’m equally sure you have an answer.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 341
“Could citizens impose taxes? Could citizens start wars, draft soldiers, create currency, fix interest rates, sign intergenerational contracts, manage trade, force children to learn their own particular – ideology?”
“Yes,” I said evenly. “My God, how much knowledge was lost during the – disasters? Citizens could do all of these things, through their elected representatives.”
Cornelius nodded slowly.
I continued: “And it’s the same here. You have these – what, DROs, that act on behalf of their customers. You don’t have duels, you don’t have pistols at dawn, everyone calls up their representatives, who act on their behalf and resolve their disputes. It was the same with us, not much has changed, except I can now dine in my dead daughter’s dream.”
Again, Cornelius said nothing. I felt the usual impulse to jump up and pace – an old habit that gave me a height advantage – but I knew I would be too distracted by the uncertain spiderwebs of the floor twigs, and the plunging green canopy below.
“And maybe everyone here has become perfect, maybe you are all angels who never cross each other, but I had to work with very different – clay. I inherited – a mess, let’s be frank, it’s all behind us now. We couldn’t possibly pay our bills, we had like $200 trillion in unfunded liabilities, we had four generations of poor people who had never known work, we had all these lunatics in the educational system who wanted to inflict creepy sex education on toddlers, but had no idea how a bill became a law! Broken people were flowing off the conveyor belt of a mad history faster than we could fix them, faster than we could even catch them. Everyone begged for instant solutions, looked to me to solve everything, they were like…” I gestured at the startled birds above me. “They were like baby birds, mouths always agape, screaming and cheeping for more and more and more! All we could do was aim them at the rich, pound the table and yell about ‘unfairness.’ They weren’t open to reason, they didn’t want the truth – they had been inoculated against it, they reacted to facts like a lion had been loosed in a nursery! They were children, they never wanted to grow up, they never wanted any limitations – and they never, never could be called on to sacrifice – anything, for anyone! My God, in the past men would volunteer to bleed to death in a jungle, but in my day you couldn’t get anyone to give up anything for any reason! You think I was in charge?” My voice was rising, despite myself. “We were all just being chased around by the headless!”
I was panting. I had so many words – so many more words – but I had to bite them back. My old habits stalled my tongue.
Cornelius nodded slowly. “You claim to be a victim.”
I sighed, my breath trembling. “No, of course not. But – try being a doctor in a world where everyone believes that bad thoughts cause disease. Or – try being a doctor in a time of plague where everyone believes that the cure is causing the illness. You’re coming at them with a pill that will make them well, they react like you are leaping at them with a knife!”
Cornelius waved his hand. “All of this is a narrative, which is impossible to verify.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 342
“What the hell do you mean? This is my experience!”
He shrugged. “How do I know? Everyone who is part of an immoral regime claims the best possible intentions, blames the environment, argues that they were – doing the best they could, that someone else would’ve been even worse. It’s very predictable, I’m afraid to say. Your individuality does not lie in your defenses. Noone’s does.”
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“You are aware of the crime of counterfeiting,” said Cornelius suddenly.
“Of course.”
“Define it.”
“I’m not a – you mean then, or now?”
His eyes had grown cold. “Don’t play dumb. Of course I’m not asking you to define counterfeiting in the present, you only got a damn pamphlet!”
I decided to remain silent about his ill temper, like it was beneath my notice. “Counterfeiting is when you – create money… Oh, this is some Federal Reserve thing. That was a private corporation, not the government.”
“Who gave them a monopoly?”
I let my temper slip slightly. “As I have told you,” I said with exaggerated patience, “the voters did.”
“Stop lying to me.”
“Is it too late to change lawyers?”
“You won’t get away with this stuff here, I’m not one of your media lapdogs! You have a fine mind, try using it for clarity.”
“You ask me questions, I answer them – I thought this was some big magical anti‐abuse paradise!”
“Your government had the power to create money out of thin air, by typing whatever it wanted into its own bank accounts. You then handed out this valuable new money to your friends, your allies, those in the top tiers of the financial industry – and then, by the time it trickled down to the poor, it was worth much less. If anyone not in the government had tried such a scheme, they would’ve gone to jail for fraud. No, I’m not finished! You took massive chunks of people’s incomes, promising to pay it back in old age pensions – and then immediately spent all the money, putting empty IOUs in the vault, and taxing the next generation to pay for the retirements of the wealthiest generation the world had ever seen to date! You paid women to have children out of wedlock – knowing that those women would invite strange men into their houses, into their beds, who would abuse the children. You attacked truth‐tellers, slandered your enemies – usually the friends of truth – and you dropped over hundred thousand bombs
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 343
in foreign countries – and started a war on false pretenses that killed over half a million people, and led to the genetic destruction of entire regions, through your depleted uranium weapons. You doubled the national debt, presided over a collapse in school standards and educational achievements, and milked a pandemic for mad power! And you say – wait – you say that you were a victim of the mindless masses, that you did the best you could with the knowledge you had, that someone else would’ve been even worse – and that the people chose this. Your government indoctrinated the children for twelve straight years, bribed half the population into abject dependence, presided over the collapse of the nuclear family – only granted interviews to friendly – subservient – media outlets – and you raised a son who started the end of the world as we knew it!”
My heart was pounding. I showed nothing.
Cornelius took a deep drink of clear water. His voice returned to normal. “Now those are some pretty bad accusations, probably the tip of the iceberg, but you’re going to need a little bit more than a victim narrative to overcome them. Your administration prosecuted counterfeiters, your administration prosecuted those running Ponzi schemes – yet your power relied on the money‐printing of the Federal Reserve. Social Security – your retirement benefits – was an insult to Ponzi schemes, because at least Ponzi schemes are voluntary, while yours was enforced on hundreds of millions of people!”
I stared at him. I said nothing, felt nothing, showed nothing.
I exhaled slowly. “You – they – have nothing.”
Cornelius pursed his lips in surprise. “Do tell.”
“Let us say that I personally propagandized hundreds of millions of children, that I have that magical power – well, I was raised in the same system, I was told the same – lies, as you call them – I was infused with the same moral hypocrisy, as you say. If the voters are not responsible because they were in the system, they were raised by the system, they were lied to by the system – well you cannot extract me from the system, as if I were above it, or outside – I was as much a part of the system, and raised by the system, as everyone else! You might have a whole bunch of new words here – I’m sure you do, it would be impossible to be otherwise – but I can’t be blamed for not knowing these words, because they didn’t exist in my time, in the past.” I spread my palms wide. “It took – 500 years to arrive at the modern world, this world of deeper moral understanding! It took these unimaginable sufferings, these Cataclysms, for mankind to learn – better.” I leaned forward, lowering my voice. “Are you seriously going to sit there and castigate me, blame me, for failing to compress the deaths of billions and the suffering of half a millennia into my own harried and overworked lifespan? A few hundred years back from my day, doctors didn’t even know that human blood circulated around the body – would you throw a medieval physician in jail for failing to prescribe antibiotics?” My voice lowered to a whisper. “And, let us say, a few hundred years in the future, some moral – principles – you hold sacred and universal turn out to be – false. Let us say that these robots that – birth food from their bellies and keep you all alive – that they turn out to have free will and morality, and you are not wise, peaceful and gentle souls who preside over mere machines, but slaveowners whipping metal boxes with soft code? Will you smoke your cigarettes and go to the firing squads with the acceptance of justice in your hearts?
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 344
Or will you ask for reasonable accommodation for the simple basic fact that you do not know what you do not know?”
Cornelius was leaning forward, his eyes wide. There was a frozen, timeless moment – and then he leaned his head back and laughed uproariously.
“Oh my heavens, you are fantastic!” he gasped. “Such language, such passion, such conviction! I have half a millennia’s worth of inoculation against this virus, but it is so powerful! This is why we cannot have governments, because you climb up the statues and change the world with words! But it’s all nonsense, what you say, though – maybe you believe it, I don’t know, doesn’t matter. You prosecuted people for doing what you did.” He raised his hand. “My turn now. Morality is not open to a vote, any more than physics is. Two rapists and a woman alone in the woods can hold a vote on rape, but the majority victory doesn’t make rape moral. You knew that counterfeiting was wrong, you knew that Ponzi schemes were wrong – and you would never have accepted the validity of another country’s invasion because they claimed some chemical attack on American soil! You did what you defined as evil – and yes, I get that there was a massive – structure, and edifice of justifications and lies and obfuscations – but that is exactly what we would expect from such an empire, from those who ruled it. You knew the history of slavery, and all the justifications for it, which all flew in the face of all men are created equal. Complication is a sure sign of a bad conscience. No private citizen could create a contract on behalf of another, but you could borrow endlessly against the hard work of the next generation!” His smile faded, but remained slightly. “Now I don’t know what they are going to charge you with, we will find out in a day or two – but we are going to have to work like hell on better responses, because ‘muh democracy’ and ‘muh victimhood’ are not gonna cut it, not even slightly.”
I nodded. “I have the right to confront my accusers.”
“That is certainly the case. That may be a limitation, everyone is dead as far as I know. But your primary accuser is your own actions.”
“I assume I cannot be compelled to testify against myself.”
“Your deeds will be the primary witnesses for the prosecution.”
I paused. “And my – the propaganda I was subjected to, what is the – exculpatory nature of that?”
“Was it enough at Nuremberg?”
The tree trembled in the wind, and the birds shot into the sky.
Chapter 39
I demanded to be moved from my hospital room, but Cornelius said we might as well wait, I would be either free or – punished – within ten days.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 345
Ten days to judge a million crimes, a million years – a million defenses.
And if I were found not guilty, what – what would I do? Would I be accepted? Would I be praised? Would I be – revered? Would I be a hero to the low or an inspiration to the average?
I have a mind that races in the face of a problem. It is like a circling rat, chewing through ropes or chains – it doesn’t rest until it breaks into the clear, frees me. I sometimes feel that I am merely along for the ride in my own mind – fingers larger than the world push me here and there, shield me from rain and flick back the lightning. Destiny is just humility in the face of forces larger than yourself, and I sometimes feel like the finger‐puppet of the universe, pointing at a future, drawing mankind in a mad rush to…
I smile inwardly. If something guides me, it never lets me know the destination. I pay along the way, that’s all.
I don’t feel much anxiety about a judgement, or a trial, or the consequences. This is a soft universe of tender‐hearted children, shielded from the claws of nature by soft blankets and fuzzy bears. They have turned the world into a womb, an amniotic sac of absent beasts. I don’t begrudge them that, I suppose – we sharpen our claws for wet work, and they face a desert. I don’t have much to fear from them, I think.
And I wonder – I read a short story when I was in my teens, a refutation of the cliché that ‘in the kingdom of the blind, the one‐eyed man is king.’ The blind could hear everything, the one‐eyed man had no chance.
This world woke a predator in me. I’m not sure how wise that was, not to let sleeping jackals lie. Morality is weakness, I think they have that right – they claimed to have bulked it up, but it’s just gym‐ strength, not street‐fighting might.
I am still getting the lay of the land, that much I know – I haven’t yet matched wits and will with anyone here – there’s no point showing your full strength until the boss battle.
Other than Cornelius’s strange anger, I haven’t seen anything here that would even give me pause. I have actually giggled in my mind, imagining the prosecution to come – how different it would be from my day, when we pointed cold‐eyed ideologues at our enemies, shot them into prison and…
The abusers of children, the eugenicists, the 90%‐reduction hyper‐environmentalists, the Socialists and Communists, the gigglers and pointers at the body politic, the leather‐bound Puritans and Bible‐ thumping fetishists – the whole grand crew of ghouls – how we begged to be discovered, how we yearned for our dark artistry to be unveiled, but how easy it was to evaporate those who closed in on the circles of power… “Conspiracy theory,” what a grand phrase! Who could have imagined that people who loved power and control might ever collude with each other to gain and keep it?
No, they believed the slogans, we just had to say that someone or something “threatened democracy” and off they would scamper, baying and sharpening and hunting…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 346
I did sometimes miss the old days, when we had to actually lift a finger, not just use the magic spells of programmed clichés and child‐free hysteria.
Maybe I was sent here to toughen them up – maybe it is they who need to be awakened…
I waited for the strange voice, but it was silent. I wanted to goad it into speech, but felt so tired – so tired, and so full of strange new hope for the future.
If I am from the dueling past, and it is to be swords at dawn, who can beat me?
Also:
And what could their punishments be, these deeply silly people?
I would miss the food – that tree restaurant was incredible, I can still taste that meal, and it makes me wonder what the hell my wife had been serving me all those years…
I remember one of my advisors – after we launched the war – he was asked by a reporter how he was handling it, and he said: “Oh, I’m sleeping like a baby – I wake up every two hours screaming.”
It was funny because it was so untrue – it was a story to relate to the sheep, so they could imagine taking center stage in our play called ‘Conscience.’ We invaded for false pretenses – welcome to war, that’s the whole story. We get too many people, too many dummies, too many bills to pay, too many dependents, we have to bleed them off. I visited a farm, when I was fifteen, in South Africa, where we had to cull the deer because all the natural predators had been chased off by agriculture.
“If you don’t shoot the deer,” the farmer said, “they’ll just eat all the crops, and starve to death, which is much more cruel than being killed in an instant.”
We had lots of natural predators, in the past – illness, starvation, accidents, infection – but all that had been chased away by modernity – this world seems to have killed them completely, a mass murder of natural limits.
The great wars arose from the great peace – peace and plenty swell the population, everyone wants something for free – and genuinely believe those who make such mad promises – but the devil always gets paid. Everything you take that you have not earned will be paid for – the amazing thing about my generation was that we had inherited so much wealth that we could actually shift the burden to the next generation – which we promptly did!
I charge for what people demand – they want free things they know I take from others, and they genuinely seem to believe that there will never be a price – that’s the wild effect of the fall of religion. No one believes they have a soul anymore, so no one knows how much will be paid for greed.
I never take anything that is not willingly offered. Everyone knows there is no such thing as a free lunch – beg to have something for nothing, you become nothing.
I don’t empty people out, I just collect the bill.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 347
I have no fear of this modern world.
They seem to know nothing of me.
They have forgotten I exist.
And so I will rule.
I fall asleep with a half‐smile on my face – as has been my habit for many decades – now, many centuries – so that my dreams will be more pleasant. I long ago found that forcing my face into a particular expression pulls my mood behind it. At Jane’s funeral…
I’ve always been curious about the dreams of powerful men – what did Napoleon see, every night? It’s almost never recorded, you can never trust anyone, but I would dearly like to know.
I have simple dreams of dominance and fellowship. I practice climbing fiery trees, navigating rapids with churning water snakes, crooking elbows and drinking mead with the dwarves and elves of the Senate and Congress. Roasting right‐wing journalists.
The usual.
And I always know that my dreams are my dreams, and I can almost always wake on command. You don’t love control like I do, and surrender to your own unconscious.
But this night I fell asleep in a hospital room, and woke up in a hospital room.
With my father.
I yawned in my dream, just as I did on that day.
It’s so boring, really, this entirely predictable ‘cycle of life’ garbage.
Yes, my father was a titan, and then he got old and frail and lost his bulk and shrank into a bundle of diapered sticks. And he fell into death because I rose into life, and I was there to replace him, just as my son was there to replace me, and I could never understand all this depth and drama about the fact that we live because our elders die.
The one time I saw the full‐length Hamlet, I itched to march on stage and punch him square in his powdered jaw. Stop shrieking and kill or run!
I couldn’t wait for my father to die, because the chair was wicker and wicked uncomfortable. My mother was quite a bit younger than him – the typical ‘old politician and young beauty queen’ – and she was equally bored, though she covered it better with random sniffles, but I swear she played sad songs on the radio to help her mimic grief better.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 348
Even my father was bored, and would’ve hit ‘fast‐forward’ if he could. When you know someone is going to die, just ‘making them comfortable’ can feel like a slow boat ride to eternity.
My father and I only found value in mentorship – he had great instincts, and knew how to dominate a room with a smile and a stare. His will was like a glacier – cold, slow‐moving and irresistible. There was an old cartoon when I was a kid – a caveman looking up at a huge wall of ice, saying to another caveman: “Say, is that wall of ice closer today?”
That was my father. He powdered gold and pulled it on the underside of his will, smearing it along the sewage‐tracks of backroom politics. His grudges were legendary – he once waited forty‐one years to pay back a woman who voted against him. “It’s not about her, it’s about everyone watching,” he growled in low‐rent satisfaction.
He taught me how to overcome odds, overcome obstacles, overcome wills and personalities – how to find weaknesses and chisel‐widen hypocrisy, how to use the power of the intelligence agencies to gather information on enemies, secure in the certainty that everyone has a weakness, everyone has a flaw, everyone is desperate to keep something silent – find that, you own them.
He taught me how to be up‐front with your weaknesses, to publicize your demons, to ask for forgiveness so you would never have to ask for permission. “The devil looks like the devil, son, that’s why he can never be blackmailed.”
People love a rogue, they love a sinner who redeems – the only thing they care about is confidence, which they mistake for competence. My God, he would laugh. “Most people live lives so petty that any greater man looks like a God to them. If you don’t attack yourself, you are bulletproof. Critics who can’t find purchase just find other targets – they are terrified of weakness, that’s why they bully, so never appear weak, and they will leave you alone.”
He taught me everything there was to know about climbing the backs of the broken – and I loved him for it, in my way. He found value in watching me rise, and I found value in his advice.
But I was young – still in my thirties – so death meant almost nothing to me.
And you can’t overcome death anyway, so – what did he have to teach me about?
Watching him fade and fall – powerless to resist, let alone win – was terrible, because he had no utility for me anymore. This wasn’t a foe he could teach me to beat, so what the hell did we have to talk about?
I was terrified that he would ramble about his past, dig up old scores, demand I fight some abstract battle, fall into his second childhood of early memories, and call me by the name of some pet raccoon he domesticated at the age of five.
I was terrified that he would be terrified, and that that might bleed the jugular of my heart‐pounding ambitions.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 349
“What was the point of it all, son? I wrestled and won and fought and bled and died a thousand deaths, and pushed well‐armed words to create a maze of control in the nation – and here I am, just where I started, in a bed I can’t get out of, with a God damn diaper on! Don’t do what I’ve done son – don’t you live your life for power and control and others, don’t imagine that all the ink you stack on people’s necks will mean a damn thing at the end, or anywhere near it. Don’t marry an idiot for her beauty, don’t leave your children to cast the spells of law over a compliant population – all this I have learned too late – but not too late to save you!”
And then he would force a promise out of me to be a good father, a good friend – a good man – everything that he was not. Having pushed me off a cliff, he would now demand I flap my arms and reverse course.
Sorry, dad – patriarchal physics don’t flip for death…
But none of that happened. We played cards, he complained about the nurses, studiously avoided imaginary plans for later, and demanded every detail of my newly‐minted political career. He was still determined to give me advice, and worked hard to break up my go‐nowhere relationship.
I listened outside his door – unembarrassed by security – as he talked with my mother – wondering if he had any greater depth in his decay, but it was nothing, there was nothing – he told her about some secret accounts, a hidden laptop with bitcoin, recommended several boyfriends for “down the road,” and told her to play “Shine on You Crazy Diamond” at his funeral. He also told her exactly who not to invite.
“Ed will want to be there, screw him, he missed the shot that could’ve made me a pro tennis star. Dig up Maribel, she might still be alive, she was one helluva babysitter, taught me stuff I still use on you, that should be celebrated, often overlooked. And use my prom date picture at my reception, the one with the hot German girl, you can cut her out, but that was the last time I had great hair…”
He gave lists of reporters to ghost, and recommended his college roommate for his biography. His mind was sharp until the end, unlike his father, my grandfather, who foamed at the mouth and regularly believed that his pajamas were on fire.
“Hell, life has been so busy, we got the will done, so much still to do – I kept the papers from Panama, even though I wasn’t supposed to, have the lawyer look at them, burn them probably. I also wrote some of a stupid autobiography a few years ago, toast that… Don’t let any stupid secrets spill out…” Cough, cough.
He gave keys and locations for secret storage facilities, passwords to various accounts and lockboxes, and kept demanding that she remember everything, write down nothing.
“Nothing is encrypted, try to only speak to people at the beach or swimming pool, no phones...”
It was endless – it reminded me of when I hit an armadillo with my dirt bike once, as a kid, and as it died, its curled‐up body opened up, it’s legs widening, like a slowly‐yawning mouth.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 350
As he died, his secrets flew free.
Because my father’s wishes mostly involved grudges, my mother had no trouble remembering them.
But then…
In my dream, I opened up like an armadillo, because – it was like hearing a song on the radio that you used to love, and found you loved still…
In my dream, in a long‐lost hospital room buried under five centuries of dust, age and catastrophe, my father gripped my arm. Five cards lay on his chest like red‐patterned Moroccan tombstones.
“Son,” he said. “I’ve lived a good life, it’s all been worth it. And I know you hate this stuff, I’ve been avoiding it, but – I’m shutting down, I’m going to start singing ‘Daisy, Daisy…’ I had a good career, I made it more than halfway, but you – you can’t remember the name of any Senators from Rome… You remember a few emperors, the military leaders, the philosophers and – and – no one else. I gave up a lot to get to the middle, and that – sucks. I’m not going to be remembered by many people – there will be a lot of folks at the funeral, but five minutes later… You’ll tell stories about me to your kids, show them some pictures I guess, but it won’t mean much, they’ll have nothing to say about me to their – kids. I don’t have any stories big enough to last the test of – time. I’m no Teddy Roosevelt, no Stalin…” He smiled painfully. “I lived in the middle, where the hole of the doughnut is. Not much competition… And I wish – I wish I had – pushed more, either way – either to the top, or to you and your siblings and – and your mom. I was like the space between the beat – you need it for the song, but no one remembers… I know it’s embarrassing; I know it’s ridiculous, but I’m going to actually be on my deathbed and you better promise me this, promise me this…” His hands gripped me with surprising strength. His monitors beeped, but I could now only feel the silence between the sounds. “You give it your all, you hold nothing back, whatever path you take, to the top or to – others. Get everything. Power pulls you away from people, and I ended up with neither… I’m just a slightly taller tree in the forest, nothing special. And it means going – invisible to people, while you build up your strength. I wanted prominence and effect, I didn’t build enough of a base, make enough connections, frighten enough – good people. If you going to love people, leave power. If you’re going to love power – but you can’t leave people, because you need them – but you all have to swim like salmon in the current to serve power. Everything for the sake of the God we serve, capitals or not… And for God’s sake, have them turn that morphine drip up, I can still feel my toes…”
And so he rambled into incoherence – strangely powerful words lighting up my consciousness like a falling strobe light, lost in deep water.
And he died, his mind like a city struck by a meteor, glowing and dark and dead all at once.
And I distinctly remember trying to pry his hand from my arm, almost giggling as I imagined sawing it from his wrist, and carrying it with me forever, fingernails bound to bone.
And I awoke, from the room in my mind to the room around my body – from the deathbed of the past to the living bed of the future.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 351
And I could not, for the life of me, remember whether it was a dream of a memory, or a memory of a dream.
But I knew it was the reason I would never ever be forgotten.
Chapter 40
One deathbed inevitably breeds another, but I was the only one to get away.
When I got sick, I knew deep in my bones – because the sickness was deep in my bones – that I would not get away. I’ve always hated this idea that you can ‘bravely fight an illness’– that’s all nonsense, you just cross your fingers and hope that somehow you can escape the collapsing masonry of mortality.
Doctors don’t care – even if you are famous, a President – you’re just another flesh suit on their conveyor belt to the grave. It’s the end of your life – it’s just another ten minutes on their rounds. I don’t blame them, you have to cauterize your nerves in the face of everyone else’s needs, it’s the only way to stay sane. Power is the ability to bestow gifts – when doctors lose to death, they can’t give you anything, so they run.
When I was little, I saved up to buy a double album of “War of the Worlds.” This was the only way you could hear music in those days, and I was thrilled to get it. I wanted to practice talking like Richard Burton. I was so excited, but the indifferent bland cashier at the record store didn’t care – even though it was expensive, even though I was just a kid, she just rung it up, snapped her gum and said: “Next.”
What you love, no one cares – they’re too busy loving their own stuff to notice yours. It was a good lesson.
My doctor, knowing his job was done, was brusque and indifferent – like when my wife went to the hospital with a miscarriage, it was a disaster for her, it was just triage for them, no one cared…
He handed me over to my family as quickly as possible. My middle son, the athlete, was a pious cliché, saying that death comes to everyone, that I was going to a better place, that we would meet again.
“But heaven would be hell for me,” I said.
“Why?”
“No elections – the top job is already filled.”
It was blasphemous, I always enjoyed shocking his delicate soulful sensibilities. My daughter, my youngest, was as useless as boobs on a bull, full of tears and unspecified regrets.
My colleagues – well, they sent notes, or at least their assistants did, but I wasn’t expecting anyone to show up, and I wasn’t disappointed – I had no more to offer them than the doctor had to offer me, they just wanted to move on to my replacement and start massaging his feet. Who is supposed to remember
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 352
you, when they can’t profit from you? I have enough integrity to not blame everyone for exactly what I did.
My wife – well, her place in society was secure, her finances rock‐solid, and she was young and pretty enough to take a second lap, and she kept reminding me that she had prepared for this day for decades, knowing how much older I was.
It’s funny, because you desperately want to hang onto life when you are well, but after a certain span of sickness, you kind of get ready to go. It’s like when I was a kid, I loved going to airports and flying on planes – but the excitement wore thin pretty quickly, and by the time I became an adult, I just took pills to knock myself out, I hated the discomfort and headaches and numb buttocks – even when I got my own plane, I still hated it, and breathed a prayer of relief when the wheels touched the ground again.
I had been flying high my whole life, I was uncomfortable – and comfort was not returning – so I was ready for – the end.
It was my eldest son who told me how to escape death.
He told me about Walt Disney, and others, who had frozen themselves before dying.
It was ridiculous, but it began to worm its way into my consciousness, an escape hatch, a deus ex machina that could sky‐hook me out of my inevitable descent. It’s fine to have acceptance when there is no hope, no option – but to give up when escape is possible is not a wise surrender to the inevitable, but a cowardly collapse in the face of the possible.
“It’s not just for you dad,” he whispered in the dark. “Imagine being able to talk to George Washington, King Arthur – it’s almost a responsibility to the future, to the historians to come. And you would get a chance to actually shape your own legacy, to answer questions, to not be a piñata of future blame – you would be a window into the world that is, to the world that is to come. And who knows, it might not just be you, my brother might be right – maybe we all will meet again. And you are not so old, who knows how long people might live in the time to come? And old age might not be like it is now, it could be anything, youth reinforced! I think you owe it to yourself, to us, to the future – and our legacy, I will sleep easier at night knowing that we might have a chance to polish our name in the future. Why surrender, when you can escape?”
The whispers went on and on – even when I’m pretty sure he thought I was asleep – but they wore me down, or rather aroused my hopes. I felt a draw in my mind as I veered off the train tracks leading down to nothing. I left it in his hands – he proved a cunning offspring, as was fitting. It was all a secret, crypto currencies changed hands, decades‐long conspiracy theories gained potent fuel, and I chose the time of my own demise.
I no longer tried to make my peace, but rather planned my resurrection. I was frozen with bitcoins and gold – I went to death with my disease, and only one of us would win in the long run.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 353
And that last night, before the switch was thrown and I was dethroned from circulation, my eldest sat hunched beside my bed, constantly flipping back his annoying bangs.
I was totally bored at my annoyance toward him – it was an old and utterly predictable ache, like an old man’s arthritis before a storm. He had reformed himself under my blows – hardened like metal under fire, remade in the dented impressions of my infinite image, and he was doing well in the blood‐oiled machinery of power. He had moved from grad student to software entrepreneur, and his future looked as bright as a nuclear sunrise. He had married just the right kind of woman – pretty and calculating, humble and dominant, benevolent and implacable – she was pregnant now, it was a race between the grave and grandfather, won now by the willed glacier of undeath...
I was – frightened, perhaps for the first time – that I would somehow feel the ice enveloping me, and feel chilled in a bloodless embrace for centuries, like my mother’s womb. I remember the first time I put my hand in snow, how unbelievably cold it was – and I had a recurring nightmare as a child that I was lying in a coffin, with concrete being poured over me, hardening me into trapped immobility forever…
But of course, I reasoned with myself, if I felt cold with no blood, it was equally probable that I would feel trapped in a coffin as well, feeling the maddening tickle of hungry worms and the buckle of the wooden walls as the spreading tree roots slowly pushed through. I might catch the occasional scent of flowers as my wife pursued the photo op of leaving roses on my headstone – and I might also be disinterred for some court case, some – trial. And then I would be like the seashells I collected as a boy, which smelled and rotted and were thrown out by my mother – I would dig up the shell from the sand – which was just broken shells really – and think of all the billions of shells deep underground, below the beach, below the ocean, below the land – and imagine how blinding it must be for a shell buried for a million years to be washed up into sunlight, and have life on its calcium again, my fingers instead of a crustacean…
And I remembered being far from my family, just smudges and shadows in the middle distance, isolated under the blue bowl of the sky and the crawling covers of the waves, and I remember yearning for solitude on a solitary planet – people overwhelmed me, that was the truth. I had to control them, because they overpowered me – one of us had to get lost, and it was never going to be me. And an old childhood joke flowed through my mind: “If you break your legs climbing those rocks, don’t come running to me!”
And I could’ve happily dissolved that day, broken into shards like the shells beneath my toes, and joined the cycled billion‐year march of broken life from sunlight to seafloor, round and round, the useless bits of useless bodies, swirling like the scarves of a magician, beyond loss, beyond fear, beyond – desire.
And I wanted to walk into the ocean that morning, to join the cracks of crabs and the waste of the dolphins – and I played with it, nothing too serious – I walked up to my chest, and felt the thuds of the waves against my face that felt personal, like Poseidon was slapping me to turn me back. And I waited for – life to meet me, to erupt within me and turn me back to the land, because I suddenly wasn’t sure if I was going to enjoy my life – or even be good for the world, which struck me as an entirely different category, alien almost…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 354
But it turns out it is not the dead relatives that beckon you forward, but the live ones who pull you back. I wasn’t serious, I wasn’t going to drown, I was just waiting for – something to turn me back, something to turn back for – I can’t remember what happened that day, I only remember what happened next, though I have not thought of it in close to 600 years…
A hand grabbed my neck and yanked me up – not back, but up, like a savage hook‐footed spider. I was pulled to shore faster than the waves could push me, and my father loomed over me, easily eclipsing the sun, and he punched me in the face, then slapped me side to side, and I remember the light getting brighter and darker through the orange kaleidoscope of my closed eyes, and I remember tasting blood and thanking him, in my way, because he was the life that brought me back, he was my reason for standing on land, he cared enough to…
“DON’T DO IT!” he kept repeating, and it was ambiguous, it was confusing – do what? I was being beaten by the sea, what was I supposed to stop doing in that moment? I wasn’t resisting – I was praising, because he might’ve genuinely saved me from whatever hypnotic song was far out at sea – what was I not to do?
Embarrass him, of course – shame him, confront him with anything he might have done wrong. Kill his career by killing myself, perhaps. And maybe he did only care about the effects of… Not me myself – but you can’t be overly picky in this life, and here was someone who cared about me enough to race into the salt and pull me from the undertow of a momentary weakness. And he would not let me dissolve into the tide, into stupid ideas, into anger and ridiculous protest – and for what?
I mean, everyone has these moments, where you think of turning into oncoming traffic, or taking one step too far off a cliff edge, or jamming a nose‐trimmer into your eye – that is the devil of mortality at work, reminding you of your well‐being through imaginary drive‐bys.
It was nonsense, but I remember the pounding satisfaction as he hit me – that he had noticed me gone, somehow spied my black head among the waves, divined my devilry, and sprinted to save me.
The lesson went on too long – we both knew that, but the bloody intimacy of the instruction was hard to set free. My face was a mess, cleaning it with the bitter seawater was sweet agony, and my father held my hand as we walked back to the picnic. He explained that I had body‐surfed into a rock – and I have always appreciated lies that tell the truth – and I was taken to the hospital, and I kept that secret forever.
I meant something, I was something, someone cared…
And my mother seemed to believe it, and I would occasionally wonder whether you could see one smudge trying to disassemble another smudge in the bright beach distance, but curiosity always leads to disaster in relationships, so she just skated on the frosting, and let the cake be, so to speak.
And I told my story with pride, at school, about surfing into an outcrop, and my scars and stitches were much admired, and I gained great status with the courage of my fortitude, and I realized that whatever
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 355
wounds you, elevates you – and I thanked my father again, in my mind, for the gift he had given me of caring – and superiority. Bravery is just a kind of gratitude, and I was deeply grateful.
I pitied the boys without fathers.
And as I was pulled from the sea by my father, so was I pulled from my dream by Cornelius.
He entered my hospital room with a piece of paper.
“Hardcopy, old‐school,” he said. “Good morning. The charges are in.”
I sat up in my bed – I felt my face instinctively, to remind myself that my wounds were dead, my dream was done.
“It’s a shock,” said Cornelius. “But I don’t think a bad one. Do you need a moment?”
“No.”
“Okay – it is one count of child abuse.”
I waited.
“No, that’s it.”
I laughed. “What? What about all that trash‐talk at the restaurant yesterday, my infinite crimes, Nuremberg, wars, debts, indoctrination – now I’m accused of – abusing – my son. My eldest?”
Cornelius nodded.
“Oh my God you absolute – wimps!” I cried. “What the hell does a man have to do around here to catch a war crime?”
Cornelius said: “I have trouble knowing when to take you seriously.”
“This is like dinging Hitler for kicking his dog!”
“Let’s keep that analogy private.”
“Sure, sure… So, I’m going to be – judged for parenting in a fairly typical manner, for the time, and that’s going to be – that’s the entire axe hanging over my neck? This little toothpick?”
Cornelius pursed his lips. “Well, it is the most serious crime in our society.”
“Discipline? I know I know, ‘hitting’ children – that’s the most serious crime?”
“Well, that’s how crime was eliminated, by not hitting children.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 356
I paused, my mind racing. “What are the punishments?”
“Restitution, or ostracism – no DRO will enforce any contract for an unrepentant child abuser.”
“I don’t know what – restitution means in this case.”
“That is – that depends on the circumstances – I’m sure you will gain some excuse for history, and the fact that there were no mandatory Scans for your children…”
“Give me an idea – it’s the most serious crime, what are the consequences?”
“It’s kind of unprecedented.”
“I know I’m paying you by the hour. Stop beating around the bush.”
“Well, in the past, child abusers often made apologies, made restitution – sometimes money, sometimes charity – and a few of them have been sentenced to spreading the message of peaceful parenting in statist societies.”
I blinked. “So no – hanging – you know this, and still made comparisons to Nuremberg! I’d fire you if I had a clue what the hell was going on! I’m not going to be locked up, no firing squads – just – what – I have to go do missionary work among the unwashed about not yelling at your children? Oh my God, I’m so glad I didn’t waste any anxiety on this – clown show of a society!”
“I’m – glad you’re taking this well.”
“This is a walk in the park.”
“Well good.”
I paused. “And – I don’t know the rules of – these laws of yours, in any great detail – but it’s all just – it’s going to be hearsay, isn’t it? Not even that. I never talked about – that. How does anyone know, other than the possible – effects?”
“Apparently your eldest son wrote an autobiography after your death – your freezing I mean.”
“So? I assume it ended up in the ‘Fiction’ section. He was always resentful, loved to trash me at every opportunity, although he always traded on my name, that was his leg up, the weasel!”
Cornelius said: “I know this is just between us, but you might want to drop that habit.”
“Oh, don’t worry – I can play the dutiful father.”
“Don’t do that either, that is a weakness of our defense, that you knew how to parent well in public.”
I waved my hand. “Okay, okay – the Aristotelian mean it is. But this is – great news. I do my time – which isn’t even time – and I’m free to – rejoin society, as I see fit.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 357
Cornelius nodded. “But it won’t be hearsay.”
“What, I get to interrogate his autobiography?”
“They have a witness.”
My face froze. The implications went scurrying in every direction, like cockroaches under a sudden searchlight.
“A witness… What do you mean? Like some – recording, some video – that might be evidence, but it’s not a witness! A witness would mean…”
And suddenly I knew.
My son, whispering to me about immortality…
Saying we would meet again…
That I would not be alone…
“My son…”
Cornelius looked surprised. He gestured at the piece of paper. “That’s what they claim. He was found shortly after you. He went through the same – procedure.”
“Oh my God,” I whispered.
And, as if no time at all had passed, I hated him all over again.
Chapter 41
I debated whether to let myself sleep the night before the trial – looking tired and haggard can be advantageous when being judged, but rested and refreshed has a good look too – it really depends on the mood of the jury, and the nature of the charges.
Cornelius had warned me that the trial was being broadcast around the world, with literally hundreds of millions of people watching. I glowed at the prospect – I always did my best work center stage.
I was fairly certain that my son was being kept in the same hospital, but of course we had no chance to meet or talk, since he was going to be used as a witness against me. I had little concern about his testimony, though – apparently he had pushed the world into these Cataclysms, so I didn’t imagine his moral authority carried much weight.
Again and again, I glowed with good fortune – that this silly and sentimental age cared more about me disciplining my son than invading a sovereign nation. Ha ha ha ‐ feminism for the win!
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 358
The purpose of a parent is to train his children to thrive in the world that is, not to point them at some imaginary utopia. I didn’t invent the world, I didn’t invent the rules, but I would be damned if my children would not find their way to the top of the crap‐heap known as ‘society.’ Trying to make your children better than the world guarantees their failure!
Cornelius tried to prepare me for my cross‐examination, but I didn’t care, and wouldn’t take any coaching. I wasn’t even sure I would be taking the stand – I said that to myself, but of course resisting the spotlight has never been my strong suit.
“You’re going to be hit by arguments you’ve never even considered,” he insisted.
“I do my best work on the fly!”
I had to sign a document specifying that I was rejecting the advice of counsel – no worries, I wanted to be the tail that wagged the dog of this ridiculous society. There were still a few sane statist countries left in the world; for them, if not for me, I had to make my case.
I demanded – and got – a human barber for a haircut and a close shave. I always had a secret love of being pampered – I pretended it was for efficiency, but it was all just making up for my lonely crib and the rotating rows of female heads that first greeted my resurrection – and the shadows on my legs…
Cornelius and I did agree on one thing – I needed clothes from even before my time. We pushed the timeframe back on sartorial splendor as far as possible – almost to my grandfather’s wardrobe – since the further back in time I appeared, the less likely I was to be strictly held to modern standards. Hell, I would have shown up in a caveman’s bearskin to beat these stupid charges…
On the night before the trial, I decided to only give myself a nap – being tired didn’t make me fuzzy‐ headed, but it did slow me down, which I thought might be helpful in the coming trial. Answering too quickly was always a mistake.
My respect for Cornelius dipped somewhat when he showed up with a deeply serious mask of gravitas on his face. I can’t even count how many times I’ve been investigated and cross‐examined – my political enemies were always dragging me up the shredder on one pretext or another. When you don’t have good policy rebuttals, you just launch legal attacks. Part of the game, no worries.
“Are you ready?” he said in a low voice.
I shrugged. “Would it matter if I wasn’t?”
He didn’t laugh.
In the taxi, Cornelius pointed at the foreboding clouds ahead and asked: “Over, or under?”
I grinned. “Always through, always!”
He nodded, and within a few minutes we were sailing in perfect serenity through the heart of a thundercloud. Birds and the occasional butterfly flashed past the force field keeping the elements at
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 359
bay, and I laughed in delight, remembering the view from an airplane window when I was a child, watching the lightning arc through the clouds, far below, and wishing I could stand in the midst of that storm – and now, my childhood dream had come true!
Maybe this new world isn’t so bad after all…
There were thousands of taxis floating outside the massive white building that served as the courthouse. I half‐expected it to have classical architecture and Doric columns, as a nod to past culture – but then of course I remembered that this world had cut the past out of its heart completely, and viewed everything that went before as corrupt and evil.
So much for conservatism…
Everything was annoyingly clean – I suppose robots scoured every surface at night – and it reminded me once more of a simulation. My grandson had explained to me once that putting dirt on virtual surfaces consumed computing power, so everything looked like it’d been constructed from unblemished eggshells.
Wouldn’t it be wild if all of this turned out to be just my dying thoughts, my brain scrambling for redemption as I slid into the great good night…
So what if it did? Life had been little more than a game, perhaps death was as well…
Everyone was hooked up with tiny cameras, and I suppose various divine favours had been handed out for the few thousand seats in the enormous white amphitheater inside.
I had thought long and hard about my entrance – you don’t want to stride in too confident, because that looks arrogant – I wasn’t entirely sure of this society’s relationship to arrogance. My political opponents generally had to win the votes of those who screamed at pretend wrestling, so they could be as arrogant as hell – but I had to feign feminine humility, because I knew my base very well. They were arrogant, of course, but you could never say that out loud, it would’ve taken away all their power.
I found it interesting that the white‐haired judge was not seated at a higher level than the accused – than me. I always found that old trick of the old world to be quite annoying, mostly because it was so effective at making people feel small.
The judge leaned forward ‐ quite unnecessary, since his voice was amplified in some invisible matter – and addressed the waiting masses, the world, and the cloud of tiny cameras.
“Good morning everyone, my name is Judge Sky Peters, and I welcome you to the trial of a truly remarkable and singular individual. His name is Louis Staytin, and he stands before you in clothes that must look quite old‐fashioned to you, but which are both comfortable and appropriate to him.
“Of course, we are not here to judge his choice of attire, but rather his treatment of his children – or child, in particular, his eldest son Jake. In the same way that Mr. Staytin’s clothes are comfortable and
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 360
appropriate to him, and his time, in some ways his parenting style was also both comfortable and appropriate to him, in his time.
“The questions of justice, integrity and consistency have puzzled and confounded our species since our inception. Justice requires the punishment of those who harm others by deviating from universal moral standards. Integrity requires that we either follow our own stated moral principles, or inform others of a coming deviation. Consistency requires that our universal moral standards be followed independent of time and place.
“Morality is that standard which allows us to claim a universal right to forcefully impose our will upon others. Criminals regularly forcefully impose their will on others, but they do not claim a moral right to do so – in this they are in the category of animal predation.
“Any standard which claims universality must be logically consistent – since logic is universal – and achievable independent of time and location. Mathematics and science claim universality, and thus propositions and conjectures in these fields must be logically consistent, and hold true independent of time and place.
“Morality is often perceived – outside the Civ ‐ as a cultural standard which holds true only to those who believe in local customs. The hypocrisy of the outside world is easily revealed by the fact that parents teach their children moral absolutes, but when those children grow up to question moral contradictions on the part of their parents, those same parents take refuge in moral relativism.
“Our standard for morality – universally preferable behaviour – holds true for all people, in all locations, at all times. It is the exact same standard that parents have always imposed on their children. Throughout history, parents have always instructed their children not to hit others – and this commandment has always been universal and absolute. They do not tell their children that it is immoral to hit another child on a Monday, but perfectly moral to hit on a Tuesday. They do not say that violence is wrong in the kitchen, but perfectly permissible in the living room.
“No, they instruct their children on the absolute morality of the two moral pillars of universally preferable behaviour: thou shalt not initiate violence, and thou shalt respect property.
“In other words, don’t hit, don’t steal.”
“We would not expect people from the old world to understand the science behind our modern technology, for obvious reasons. We cannot expect Mr. Staytin to wake up among us and understand every nuance and complexity of our modern voluntary social structures.
“However, ignorance of the law is no excuse when you have imposed that law.
“A judge who has punished criminals for corruption can have no possible excuse if he himself is found to be corrupt.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 361
“A parent who has imposed the rules of the nonaggression principle and a respect for property rights on his children has no right to claim that he has no knowledge of these rules, or no capacity to follow them. Parents cannot claim that they cannot possibly follow rules which they violently inflict upon a two‐year‐ old. This would be like a mother punishing a toddler for failing to lift a weight which she herself cannot budge.
“Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, you have been charged with determining the moral guilt of Louis Staytin ‐ the former President of this landmass.
“For reasons which I’m sure the prosecution will explain, his potential political and military crimes have remained outside the scope of this trial. Perhaps it is possible that a man from the Old World might gain some forgiveness for failing to apply the ethics he inflicted on his children on his society as a whole. However, we cannot claim ignorance of that which we teach. A woman who teaches Japanese cannot claim to be ignorant of the Japanese language.
“A father cannot claim to be ignorant of the nonaggression principle if he has enforced said principal on his child.
“Child abuse in the Civ is virtually nonexistent, but it still remains the habit and norm in the rest of the world. It is an important question to ask: why are we prosecuting potential evils from almost 600 years ago? This question is common to all jurisprudence, since we cannot ever change the past. But justice is not about the past – but the future. We punish horse thieves so that horses are less likely to be stolen in the future.
“Those of us, the hundreds of millions of parents across the Civ ‐ we all love, protect and treasure our own children, but I daresay that scarcely a day goes by when we do not spare an agonized thought to the countless children across the rest of the world still being verbally abused, beaten, assaulted and bullied on a daily basis.
“This trial is not about the past, but the future. As a middle‐aged man – though old by the standards of his time – Louis Staytin may still have children. Even over the course of this trial, millions of children will be born to parents who will be following the course and content of these arguments.
“Whatever moral arguments apply to Mr. Staytin more than half a millennia ago – certainly apply to parents in the present.”
Judge Peters paused for a long moment, his face unutterably sad.
God they were so even‐handed, my heart soared! So careful to be right, to be accurate, to be moral that they were like conscientious boxers warming up against an opponent happy to call in an airstrike.
Back in the day, we fed lies to the leftist press – the press, really – and they just burbled and published without question. My opponents couldn’t do the same, because everyone else in the media had to fact check and get it right and be responsible.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 362
So they lost.
Judge Peters said:
“I now call for opening statements from the prosecution.”
A woman who looked – like a girl, impossibly young – rose and smoothed her skirt. I recognized the sandy‐haired man sitting in a front row – they just loved these white pews, didn’t they? – whose eyes glowed with the pride of a father. David, his name was.
The woman said: “My name is Alice Bartholemew, and I will be leading the prosecution against Louis Staytin, formerly president of the United States of America. Since the modern world no longer recognizes his title, I will simply be referring to him as Mr. Staytin.
“Good morning. This is an unprecedented case in the history of jurisprudence, although the legal theories are well‐established. We have constantly gathered together as a society to sit in judgement of the past – indeed, if we never judge the past, we can never build a better future. Whether I judge my own actions from yesterday, or Mr. Staytin’s actions from half a millennia ago does not matter, with regards to universal morality.
“Of course, the question first arises as to whether we can hold Mr. Staytin to modern moral standards. Morality is a form of technology, and we cannot condemn people without access to that technology for failing to use it. We might as well call a man foolish for not using a sky‐taxi before it was invented.
“However, the philosophical quandary at the crux of this prosecution is this: morality has always been claimed to be universal – that is how it is judged to be enforceable. Mere aesthetics are not enforceable on others – morality – most specifically and emphatically – is.
Alice gestured at me. “Mr. Staytin enforced moral standards not only within his own country, the United States of America, but also around the world. He threatened Old Russia for the international war crime of aggression, but he himself invaded…”
Cornelius jumped up. “These arguments are unrelated to the central charge.”
The Judge nodded.
“Withdrawn,” said Alice. “The question remains as to whether we can justly judge a man for his primitive morality, when he lived in a primitive time.
“Another question must be resolved before we can start, which is whether we can prosecute a man in the absence of any available witnesses. I will confess that my office was preparing to charge Mr. Staytin with various war crimes – and I apologize for allowing an earlier draft of my opening statement to bleed into the present – when we discovered another person from his time who had elected to undergo cryogenic freezing. It was really quite remarkable – the facility that housed these people had been placed underground in an extraordinarily remote location. It was solar‐powered, but many of the panels had been wrecked over the centuries. Only two people remained intact, out of many hundreds. One of
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 363
course was Mr. Staytin; the other turned out to be his son – his eldest son, Jake. It took quite a while to trace the wiring and find him alive.
“With our new access to Jake Staytin, we were able to pierce the fog of time, and resurrect an eyewitness to the crimes for which we have charged Mr. Staytin.
Alice smiled sadly. “Now I do try to avoid endless feedback from the world, because my relationship is to universally preferable behaviour and justice itself – but of course I could not help but notice how rabidly fascinated the world is by this case as a whole. I feel the pressure of – hundreds of millions of eyes upon us – and also feel the pressure of knowing that everything I say, every statement I make and piece of evidence I bring to bear – will be examined and turned over in endless detail for endless years. This is like the trial of Socrates – but with more details – and hopefully, more justice.
“For those who are watching this who live in statist societies, I am aware that you find this all quite ridiculous. For those of you who live in the geographical region once decimated by Mr. Staytin’s invasions, I apologize for not bringing him to account on your behalf.”
The judge warned her, and Alice paused.
“I do need to address the perceived foolishness of the charges against Mr. Staytin. With all that he did, and all that led to the Cataclysms, charging him with child abuse seems an insult to the billions who suffered and died…”
I could see everyone finishing the silent end to her sentence: as a result of his actions…
I laughed inwardly. It reminded me of Jane’s funeral, and everything that was hinted at, that brute power restrained from being simply spoken…
Alice opened her mouth to continue. So earnest.
“For those who do not know the foundation of the modern free world, a brief explanation is in order.
“All societies before the modern Civ were built on the backs of broken children. I hope you will forgive my ‐ poetry, but there is no clearer or cleaner way to put it. The – democracy, or Republic – that Mr. Staytin presided over specifically ignored the voices and perspectives and preferences of children in the formulation of its public policies. Adults were free to choose their own occupations; children were forced into government – indoctrination facilities, the closest most of them came to prison in their lives. Adults could not hit other adults, but were allowed to hit children. Children were not allowed to vote, which meant that no politician had to focus on what was best for children.”
Alice raised her hand. “Of course, I am not saying that the solution would’ve been to have children vote, because that would’ve just given the parents extra votes, so to speak, since they would’ve just bullied their children into voting for whoever the parents preferred. But a society that fails to focus on what is best for its children cannot survive, will not survive, and historically, has never survived. Politicians such as Mr. Staytin had no problem pillaging the future tax revenues of the young in order to pay for…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 364
Cornelius jumped up again, and I actually appreciated his agility. “She cannot testify as to my client’s state of mind.”
Judge Peters agreed, and Alice apologized again.
“I speak not so much to the past, as to the various scattered places in the present where governments still hold sway. To those societies, I say: the children in your world have no voice, no rights, no respect. You have built a system that exploits them, beats them, indoctrinates them, keeps them silent – and all who mistreat children will be destroyed by moral decay. Society can only expect the allegiance of children if it provides those children security and opportunity. Governments do not add value to the economy – the only way they can pretend to provide anything is to take, print or borrow. Borrowing against children creates resentment when they grow up. That resentment is generally leveraged by hostile actors – both foreign and domestic – into undermining and eventually destroying the society that exploits them.”
Cornelius said: “The prosecutor is making speeches.”
Alice said: “I am setting the stage for the charges.”
The judge nodded, but asked her to hurry it along.
“The most foundational question – the most foundational moral question, which is the only question that matters – for any society to ask is this: Why are adults excluded from the moral rules they impose on children?”
Alice turned to Cornelius. “I assume this is on target enough for you.”
The judge admonished her, and she continued.
Alice waved her hand. “There are still – countless millions of parents around the world who still hit their children, while commanding their children not to hit people. There are still millions of you who take objects from your children, while commanding those children not to steal. Even those of you who consider yourself ‘enlightened’ still confine your children to ‘timeouts’ – which you would never imagine doing at work, or with your wife, or your friends, or your adult relations.
“Child abuse – violations of the nonaggression principle and property rights – take an average of twenty years away from a person’s lifespan. Stress, cancer, ischemic heart disease, addiction, promiscuity – these all result from the toxins that are released in the body through the stress of child abuse. If a man were to administer a poison to a child that caused endless anxiety and health issues – and killed that child twenty years before her time – we would punish him as a slow‐motion murderer. It doesn’t matter if your poison takes decades to kill, you are still a killer.
“These facts were all known in Mr. Staytin’s day, in his time. The scientific experiments had been run decades before, the results were clear. Child abuse literally poisons minds and bodies.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 365
“Mr. Staytin may claim to be ignorant of the studies, of these basic medical facts – but that doesn’t matter at all, by his own admission and standards. His government presided over the prosecution of people who claimed to be ignorant of the law, but ignorance of the law was no excuse, by the cliché and rule of his time. Mr. Staytin voluntarily chose to become a parent, chose to keep his child – his children – which means that he was responsible for raising them well. I don’t have to learn how to fly a plane, unless I plan to get behind the controls of a plane. Mr. Staytin doubtless decided to have children sometime before they were conceived – and therefore had at least nine months from the time of conception to educate himself on the science and ethics of parenting. Given what we will hear from his son, his parenting was abusive even by the standards of his day. And Jake will further testify that his father never attacked him publicly. All the abuse happened in private, which begs the question: if he thought his behaviour was acceptable, why did he hide it?
“We do not judge Mr. Staytin by our modern standards. We do not judge him even by the standards of his day. We judge him by his own standards. We shall establish that he assaulted his son on many occasions, and swore his son to secrecy – and we also show that he never once assaulted his son in public. Mr. Staytin knew that what he was doing was illegal by the standards of his day – and he also knew that he would be roundly condemned, should his assault against his child come to light.
“Now, it might be argued – and it doubtless will be – that Mr. Staytin was himself abused a child, and therefore had no capacity – no practical ability – to restrain his aggression. However, the basic fact that he never once assaulted his child in public shows that he was completely able to restrain his aggression. If his aggression were a form of involuntary epilepsy, then he would not be able to control it. The fact that Mr. Staytin would threaten his child to ‘wait until we get home’ clearly shows that he was able to postpone his own violence. Since he could restrain himself in public, he was equally responsible for failing to restrain himself in private.
“Now, we can all agree that Mr. Staytin himself was doubtless abused as a child. And while that gives us some sympathy for his suffering, justice demands that we universalize his own morality, and apply it back to him. Historical records clearly demonstrate that Mr. Staytin regularly demonized his own political opponents – or supported the media doing the same – without ever once acknowledging that they were doubtless raised by parents who indoctrinated their children in those beliefs. If a man had bigoted beliefs because he was raised by racists, he gained no sympathy in the society that Mr. Staytin presided over – he was simply called a racist and destroyed. Mr. Staytin himself showed no sympathy for the victims of childhood indoctrination, but rather judged adults as if everyone chose their own beliefs without compulsion.
“Removing a man from his history, and judging him in the present as a completely independent moral actor, was Mr. Staytin’s consistent habit. Again, we cannot judge him according to modern morality – we cannot even judge him according to the morality of his day, but we can judge him according to his own moral standards. Since he inflicted his own morality on others, it is entirely just to inflict it on him.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 366
“If a doctor prescribes a treatment for a certain illness – but then rails against that treatment for himself, should he get that illness, we know he is a bad doctor, regardless of technology or circumstances.”
I stifled a yawn. God it was so boring. Everyone knows that losers cite facts and logic because they lack power. Arguments are a death warrant to getting what you want…
Alice went on.
“Mr. Staytin always treated his children gently while in public. He never sought help for his violence against his children. He treated other people’s children with thoughtful consideration.
“And, if the court will allow me to wax philosophical for just a moment or two, I will tell you why we are prosecuting him for child abuse.
“It is my belief that violence against children is a test of morality, and empathy. If a man commits violence against his children, and society lets him get away with it, then the path is clear for him to commit violence against others, adults, both domestically and overseas. Violence against children is a kind of test run for violence against adults. A society that fails to protect its children is fundamentally failing to protect itself as well.
“In other words, the reason that Mr. Staytin – when he was President – was able to commit such egregious acts of violence against others – again, both domestically and internationally – was because society let him get away with beating his children – his child, as far as we can determine.
“All the most abstract levels of violence arise from the most personal aggressions. War results from child abuse. Dictatorship results from child abuse. The Cataclysms resulted from child abuse. Every member of every society in the Old World made a decision every day – every moment of every day – to let child abusers continue their dark deeds. People did not intervene, they did not ask children about their experiences – or did not listen to their answers – and they let this continue, in most households, on most streets, in most cities and countries. They failed to confront the abusers – they failed to confront their own capacity for abuse – and as a result, the children grew up to hate their own societies, and failed to respect any of the rules those societies wished to impose. ‘Why should I obey the laws of a society that failed to protect me as a child? Why should I listen to your prohibitions on violence when you let me be beaten and neglected as a child? Why should I listen to your ‘respect for property’ when you let the government – you voted for the government – that plunged me into debt to buy your vote? Why should I respect any moral commandments you wish to inflict on me, when you preferred social ease and the companionship of evildoers rather than confronting my abusers, and saving my life?’
“And even those who tried to help the children, who promoted peaceful parenting – those people were torn apart by society. Society not only failed to protect its own offspring – as anti‐natural a situation as could be conceived of – but it also attacked anyone who tried to help the children.
“The children saw all of this – after the rise of the old Internet, for the first time in human history, children could see the undoing of their protectors in real‐time – and they grew up with nothing but
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 367
contempt for their elders. Since their elders were moral hypocrites of the first order, most of the children gave up on morality as a whole.
“A feral age was thus born, where modern technology fueled the spread of ancient hedonism. ‘Live for today, live for power, live for status, live for sex and food – but never live for morality, because morality is hypocrisy, and is only ever used to control you!’ Morality is a mechanism of confinement and subjugation – and it is the mark of a slave to be moral, because morality never applies to the rulers, to the slaveowners, to the fat farmers of the tax cattle!
“Morality became humiliation – morality became subjugation – and the natural animal desire for success and control and power was channeled away from self‐mastery and compassion for suffering, and instead flowed into the State, into power, into violent control over others – and who could blame these children – in general, not specific to this case – because they were taught that morality is a mere convenient justification for abuses of power – and all who are moral are slaves.
“This was the tipping point into the Cataclysms – the failure of morality to restrain greed. The death of morality is the birth of tyranny – if citizens refuse to restrain themselves, they will be restrained by those in power. Society was divided into those desperately clinging to the remnants of the good, and those who used that desperation to subjugate, humiliate and control them. Greed swelled debt, the economies collapsed; government power grew until the inevitable chaotic rebellion or abject subjugation. Nature reimposed restraint through disaster, since it had been abandoned through immorality.”
Alice turned and pointed at me. “And while this man cannot be justly held up as a scapegoat for the disasters that consumed the lives of billions, we can learn – we can still teach the statist regions of the world – that how you treat your children is how your future will treat you. Control them with false morality, and they will grow to abandon morality, and control you with brute force.
“We cannot resurrect the billions who died in the Cataclysms. We cannot go back in time and change the endless moral cowardice of every moment – but history, circumstance and coincidence has resurrected one man for us to judge.”
Alice’s voice softened.
“Like most of you, I have a family tree on my wall, as a reminder. And I gazed at my family tree every night, as I prepared for this case – and wondered what they would want me to say, what would give them some peace. Billions of people – perhaps unconsciously, I doubt it though – earned their own deaths by failing to protect children. We have one of them here, before us. The fact that he was a President is irrelevant – the fact that he was a parent – still is a parent, as we shall see – is everything.
“Because Mr. Staytin failed to protect his son – beat his own son – and participated in the endless coverups of crimes against children in his environment, in his family, in his community and his country – that is why his invasions were possible, why his predations and exploitations and indebtedness were possible.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 368
“If you will not protect your own children, will you stand up for the children of unknown foreigners?”
Alice let the question hang for a long moment. To me, it had a silly noose around its neck. However, I could see the effects of her words on the people leaning forward in their white pews. Her syllables were striking hearts most solidly, and I began to feel some real unease.
Dear God alive, what if she really is convincing?
Alice continued, her voice changing to reflect the power of generalities – and an explanation for the suffering that billions had gone through – that I had apparently set in motion and slept through…
“In the past, everyone believed that heroism was charging up a beach with a gun in your hand, or pulling a man from a burning building – this allowed them to reserve their courage for situations they would never face. The courage of the everyday – the courage to ask children how they are doing, and really listen to the answers – the courage to protect children, to build a secure future by securing the vulnerable in the here and now – that courage was never discussed, never encouraged. What passed for art was all superhero movies and cartoon villainy – the everyday heroism necessary to confront the very real villains in your environment, in your family – in your own heart – was always avoided. Evil ran the world – and everyone cried out at their perceived helplessness, while studiously avoiding the very real actions they could take to save themselves, save the future, save the world.
“Well, that is not how we live now. Now, we protect the children. Many of you were surprised to hear that child abuse is the most serious crime in our society – for the simple reason that child abuse is the source of all other crimes, and we are far more focused on prevention than cure. Millions upon millions of children are still being abused in the world today, as I speak – as you listen. Hundreds of millions of you are tuning in here to watch this trial – which is one of the reasons…” Alice changed her mind. “And defense of the children in the world is defense of our society, our freedoms, our civilization. Children who are beaten, assaulted and abused – and neglected – will often grow up to hate our free societies, as a utopia they are barred from – and they may attack us, undermine us, just as they were attacked and undermined. The defense of children is the self‐defense of civilization itself. Through our collective judgement of Mr. Staytin, we invite everyone, across the entire world, to judge themselves by their own moral standards, by how they behave in public, by the sentimentality of the soft stories they tell their children – and ask yourself: are you a good parent? Are you teaching your children morality, reason, negotiation and peace? Are you hitting your children, yelling at your children, infecting them with the mind‐virus of verbal abuse? Are you neglecting your children, in pursuit of money and glory and fame – all empty vessels to stuff into the hollow heart of your own past suffering?
“I remind you – as all moralists have throughout history – that the moral is the practical. Defending children is the same as defending yourself. Violence against children will destroy your society. Failing to protect children will raise the beasts who will consume you – and us too, if we are not careful.”
Alice finished, almost panting.
“Do you want to continue?” asked the judge.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 369
Alice shook her head.
My heart was pounding. I could see the tears in the eyes of the audience, the crackling electric charge of her words flowing across the world.
I almost shot an apologetic look at Cornelius, for failing to take his advice to prepare – but my pride closed my eyes.
I felt nothing. To me, her words were like tiny ripples on the bow of a great battleship, parting without a tremor.
To be fair, I wanted to behead her – but mostly for entertainment purposes.
My face ached, and I tasted salt.
God, my father would’ve known how to deal with her…
Cornelius rose.
Chapter 42
“Ladies and gentlemen,” Cornelius said easily – and I was reminded how amazing it was to watch people go from their private personality to their public persona. There is always at least two people in there…
“Whenever there is a calamity, we have an urge to find scapegoats – to relieve our fear and anger, and to imagine that we can magically prevent a recurrence without addressing – root causes. Superstitious societies – which we claim to have outgrown – end up tyrannical because random bad things are always happening in the world, and if we associate random actions with those bad things, we end up controlling actions to the point of immobility, of paralysis, of dictatorship. Lightning strikes a king while a man is dancing, so no more dancing! A prince dies while his servant hums – no more humming!
“There have been endless disasters throughout human history – very few have legitimate scapegoats, even to those in the moment, who can assess the facts and evidence in the present time. Yet we, who claim to have outgrown historical superstition, are looking for a scapegoat for the Cataclysms. Through fortune, fate or chance, we have been delivered two people who are relatively easy to blame. The President, who sits before you, and his son.
“However, we have a system of justice precisely because it is so easy to blame people. Disasters bring fear, fear brings helplessness, and we strive to overcome helplessness by blaming others.
“The root causes of the Cataclysms are well understood, but not definitive. One thing we have learned in the modern world is to not place our faith in any coercive institutions. If the majority of us are good, the existence of government means that we will be ruled by evil. If the majority of us are evil, then a democracy ensures that evildoers will rule. If a minority of us are good, we still end up ruled by the
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 370
immoral. If a minority of us are evil, those evildoers will rule us through the State. There is no circumstance under which the existence of institutionalized coercion leads to a more moral society.
“We know all this, this is what we teach our children.
“I am aware that my client is not on trial for his political actions, but rather his parenting. However, we have to ask ourselves: would we wish to dig up crimes 500 years past if it weren’t for our collective trauma of the Cataclysms?
“All who lack self‐knowledge are enslaved to their emotions. I submit to you that this – prosecution is fundamentally psychological. The stories of the Cataclysms, handed down by our ancestors, and made vivid through the records that were kept, call out for justice, for vengeance, for punishment!
“Just because we have only two men to punish does not mean that we should punish those two men. If we were to go back in time and change the behaviours – or lifespans – of these two men, do you seriously believe that the Cataclysms would never have come to pass?
“It took centuries to sow the demon seeds that resulted in the world‐wide disasters. The opposition to rationality, the destruction of universal morality, the substitution of hysteria for reason, the general psychosis provoked by the illusion of infinite resources – itself a result of State counterfeiting of currency – the collapse of the family, the absence of fathers, the understandable inability of single mothers to raise strong sons – we could list the causes all day, and still have room for more.”
Alice raised her hand. “Judge Peters, my colleague is literally creating a strawman out of thin air. We are not charging Mr. Staytin with causing the Cataclysms.”
Judge Peters looked at Cornelius inquisitively.
Cornelius said: “I appreciate my colleague reminding me of the charges I’m sworn to defend my client against. I am seeking to explain to the audience – to those who will judge – the psychological causality behind these charges.”
Judge Peters asked him to focus on the charges.
“It is a universal principle of justice that we examine here: how much is a man responsible for his moral decisions? It used to be said that morality is a social construct – we have outgrown that, thank heavens – but there is truth in the statement. Don’t gasp, give me some room – visitors to your society have insights that you may lack.
“Imagine if we had thawed out some caveman from 50,000 years ago, and found scraps of human flesh in his belly. Now cannibalism is a monstrous crime, so – would we charge him for taking a bite out of his fellow man? Imagine we thawed out a father and child from the same time, and the child had marks of abuse on his body – would we charge the caveman father with child abuse?
Alice started to say something, but Cornelius raised his hand. “I understand the charges – my colleague was about to say that we would not charge the caveman, because the caveman would never have tried
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 371
to hide his abuse, or been hypocritical in its application. And I understand that, as the root of the charges against my client – but an essential moral element is missing from the case, which I believe exonerates my client completely.
“My client is charged with child abuse because – according to his son, and other evidence – he beat his son, neglected his son, and verbally abused him as well. The hypocritical element is that he hid all of this from public view, and claimed to be a loving father.
“To our eyes this appears monstrous, and truly damning. However, the essential element I referred to earlier is this: this hypocrisy was ubiquitous within his society. It takes a mere moment of logical examination to unravel this hypocrisy in the present – and arguably, in the past – but almost no parents were able to achieve this rational feat 500 years ago. Hypocrisy was the norm – the near‐universal norm. To hit in private and be peaceful in public was the modus operandi of almost every parent, the entire world over. All parents praised peace in public, and waged war against their children in private.
“It took the entire length and breadth of the Cataclysms for this obvious contradiction to be finally unraveled – giving birth to the modern peaceful world. The deaths of billions, continents in flames, starvation, disease, war and literal hell on earth – this is what it took for humanity to wake up from the dogmatic slumber of justifying violence against our children.
“We all – humanity as a whole had to fall into to hell – and burn there for generations – in order to finally declare peace against our own children. Yet we stand here in judgement over one single solitary man, for failing to discover what it took humanity centuries of destruction to learn!
“In order to prove her case, my colleague has to first establish that these beatings occurred, and then that my client had the moral knowledge and responsibility to prevent them – and that his behaviour differed markedly from those around him, in his time.
“This is an insurmountable task. We can regret these alleged beatings, we can be horrified at the standards of the past – which I applaud, it is that horror which has built the present – but they were the standards, all over the world, for almost every parent. We can say that my client should have been aware of the tiny fringe ‘extremist’ movement of peaceful parenting, but the proponents of such a radical philosophy were expelled from society by the abusers long before they became mainstream – it is really those censors that we should thaw and blame for the Cataclysms, because if peaceful parenting had been allowed to flourish, we would’ve avoided that endless span of hell altogether.”
Cornelius paused. My eyes widened. He was either thinking deeply on the fly, or giving an incredible simulation of it.
“We praise ourselves as a just and empathetic society. But empathy is a real challenge – it is not just divining the needs and emotions of others, but instead putting ourselves directly in their shoes.
“So let me take you on a brief journey, and then I will sit down.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 372
“I want you to come back with me in time 500 years. Your parents are stressed, workaholics, facing a society coming apart at the seams – massive debt, escalating taxes, foreign attacks, increasing censorship and growing political violence. If you are raised at home, your mother spends her days panicking over bad news on her phone rather than loving you. More likely, you are dumped in a government‐controlled daycare within a few weeks or months of being born, where you struggle to survive in a dangerous and chaotic clan of disturbed children.
“When you are sent to what was historically called a ‘school,’ you are taught to hate your culture, your history, your country, your civilization. You are exposed to sexual content at a very early age, the most disturbed children rule your social landscape, and your parents very likely get divorced.
“You are neglected, an afterthought to the fear and vanity of those around you. You are spanked according to religious misinterpretation or simple frustration. Your property is taken away, you are left unattended for hours at a time, and you struggle to learn how to negotiate with the crazy children around you.
“You are distracted by videogames, which at least provide a semblance of stability, predictability and achievement. You have no idea how you are going to grow up, find a spouse and start a family. You don’t want the lives your parents have, but don’t know how to create any other options.
“Your only potential path to security is political power. Your father is a politician – he was violent towards you, just as your mother was. He opens the door to power for you. If you don’t walk through it, you have no future.
“So you do – you take political power, you find a wife and have children. The anti‐rational mob whose votes you rely on constantly demand that you cater to them, to their every whim and need, rather than spending time with your own family.
“You have a son who turns out to be quite ‐ different. You don’t understand him, you have no time to learn how to understand him – and his rebellion is something you would never have imagined inflicting on your own father, for fear of his violence.
“Your entire society is drenched in violence. The State commands and controls and subjugates with the power of force. Reputations are casually destroyed through lies, friends are separated into blind opposing camps, families and marriages splinter under the pressure of an uncontrollable world.
“In this violence, chaos and disintegration – what decisions would you make?
“With no better examples before your eyes, how would you parent?
Cornelius’s eyes grew steely. “Most importantly: how much free will do you have?”
“We accept that a man who commits a crime under direct coercion is not responsible for his actions. If I force you to rob a bank, it is I who am charged, not you. 500 years ago, the whole world was breaking and cracking apart under compulsion. The reason we allow no exceptions to the nonaggression principle
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 373
is that the historical world is the clearest example of a ‘slippery slope’ that could possibly be imagined – a slope slippery with blood. Once the State has the power to tax – the definition of the State really – it has the power to create schools that indoctrinate the young. After that, it is just a matter of time before the end. Do we blame citizens for having allegiance to the State that raised them? Do we blame citizens for failing to see that the State is coercion, when to understand that would be to know for certain that their parents voluntarily put them under the control of a coercive organization?
“My client was raised with violence, in a violent society, by violent people. That was the language he spoke, the world that he had to survive in.
“We can condemn him for what he did to survive in a world he never made – or we can be grateful at the lessons learned from his actions, from the actions of almost every parent in his world.
“This would be like condemning the reptile for not being a mammal, or the monkey for not being a human.”
There was a slight murmur of laughter. I bristled with anger.
Cornelius said: “It is unjust to blame a man for circumstances – and it is unjust to the point of immorality to blame a man for failing to learn what took the rupture of the entire planet to discover. We can mourn the life he had, sympathize with the world he was raised in – but to condemn him will be utterly unjust.”
Chapter 43
Judge Peters looked up from his sandwich as the door to his chambers opened.
Alice and Cornelius came in.
Cornelius said: “Judge Peters, I have a concern – more than one, actually. My client, Mr. Staytin, is not taking any advice or instruction from me.”
Judge Peters nodded. “Does he want another representative?”
“No, he seems happy with me, but – he won’t prepare, he won’t take any advice. I’m concerned that he might be aiming for a mistrial.”
“I assume his – position is well‐documented.”
“Oh, I make him sign every morning. I’ve gone over all the consequences, he knows that his refusal to take advice won’t affect the legitimacy of the trial. I’ve told him that he can be cross‐examined by his own son, but he doesn’t seem to care…”
The judge shrugged, turning to Alice. “Comments?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 374
She shook her head.
The judge said: “Everyone has the right to refuse good advice. Must be one hell of a shock, to go from the top of the world to the bottom of the heap, in the blink of an eye. Nothing like this would ever have happened in his world. I’ve always been curious how… No, nevermind, inappropriate.” He sighed. “If your colleague has no objection, and I have no objection, I suppose I appreciate you bringing it to my attention, but we must plow on.”
Cornelius nodded, a pained expression on his face.
After lunch, Alice stood up in the courtroom.
“For my first witness – my only eyewitness of course – I am calling Jake Staytin.”
The two wide white double doors opened, and an elderly man strode into the courtroom – he had an air of newly‐minted vitality, as if his knees had just been replaced.
Mr. Staytin cried: “Good God, you’re so old!”
Jake nodded, his eyes wide. “Dad…” he murmured.
Cornelius leaned over and whispered something to his client.
Mr. Staytin stood up and strode over to the stand. He sat, comfortable and erect, surveying the crowd.
Alice rose and wished him good afternoon.
“Good afternoon,” he replied coldly.
“It must be quite a shock, meeting your son, who is twenty years older than you.”
For all his bravado, a ripple of vulnerable shock ran across Mr. Staytin’s face. “Yes. You have no idea.”
Alice said: “I once played with a VR simulation of my father as a boy, since he said he wanted me to know him before I came along, but I don’t imagine it’s anything close.”
Mr. Staytin stared at her. As if by a gravity well, his eyes were drawn to his son. He murmured something.
“Excuse me?”
He cleared his throat. “It is strange when your eldest son becomes your eldest son…”
There was an exquisite vulnerability in his demeanour, but it vanished immediately.
“Do you need a moment?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 375
“I do not.”
Alice nodded. “Could you tell us your philosophy of parenting please?”
Mr. Staytin paused. “That is a big question.”
Cornelius said: “Too open‐ended.”
Alice shook her head. “We are separated by centuries, Judge Peters. Not many people here would know the parenting practices of 500 years ago, and you should never judge what you don’t understand.”
Judge Peters allowed the question to stand.
Mr. Staytin smiled. “Is there no statute of limitations for inconvenient memories?”
Alice did not reply.
He said: “My general goal was to – prepare my children for the world, the world that was, I suppose. A different world… I knew an – idealist, when I was younger. Two, in fact. Life did not end well for – either of them. Those who want to improve the world are usually the first to go.” He smiled self‐deprecatingly. “I never had that kind of courage. Managing things, I was good at that… I’m getting to my parenting, be patient young lady. How can I fit everything that – was, through the eye of this needle?” He gestured at his mouth, then spread his hands. “There were two – poles, I suppose, in my day – listen to me, like an old man on a porch with short suspenders. On the one side were parents who wanted to be buddies to their children, like friends or – like siblings I think. They never wanted to displease their children ‐ my wife was a little bit that way, I think a lot of mothers are… But that gives way too much power to the children, they end up ruling the roost, wagging the dog, if that makes sense, and I remember reading somewhere that if you don’t give any limits to your children, and keep making excuses, that’s the best way to turn them into criminals…” He smiled wryly. “I know how precious that sounds, I am on trial for a crime, and talking about how to prevent criminality. But that was the way we were, the best information we could go on. And I had the example of my – friends, and relatives, when I was a boy, and I was not a very – young father, so I got to see how some of that played out before I put my shoulder to the wheel, so to speak. The kids with no discipline – well, they just wasted their lives. Everything was an imposition, every speedbump a brick wall, they never wanted to do any paperwork or meet with any lawyers or do anything difficult or unpleasant – they lived their easy lives, and just – faded into the woodwork, got nowhere – or died, that wasn’t as rare as it should have been. Drugs were a big issue, we all hung over that – canyon to nowhere… And my father was – well, one hell of a disciplinarian, you almost had to – salute when he walked by. We’re not here for pleasure, he made that clear. To be of use, to be of service – well, that requires discipline. You can’t be a coach unless you know how to play, and you’ll never learn how to play by lazing around. Get up early, make the bed so tight you can bounce a coin on it, shave even on a Sunday, do your push‐ups, plan your day – and stick to it – say your prayers, go to bed early, don’t waste time. ‘Plenty of time for laziness after you’re dead,’ he used to say. And he did it, he made everything for us, pulled us up out of – nothing, 40 acres and a mule, and put us right at the center of
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 376
American life. Overalls to tuxedo’s, two generations. And we were supposed to stay there forever, but I guess we – didn’t…”
His voice faltered slightly. The entire audience was fascinated by this voice from the past, this warped window to a dead world.
He continued: “You seem to have a very pleasant life here, all of you – maybe our sacrifices were not entirely in vain. To be honest, with all respect and gratitude for you – awakening me – it is a little too – soft, for my tastes, but I suppose that is the point. My great‐grandfather’s life – well, I suppose my life would’ve seemed pretty soft to him, I suppose that is the point, to make things easier for your kids, then nag them for being – soft!”
Mr. Staytin chuckled. Alice started to rise.
“I know, my parenting… Here I have been silent for 500 years, and now I am nagged to get to the point! But that’s all right, this is a – formal place, a place of justice I am told. I have spent so much time flying around the sky that I’m surprised I’m not being judged in the clouds!” He smiled at the judge. “Although I suppose it is fitting that your name is ‘Peters.’” He took a deep breath. “As to parenting, well I was tough – you call this ‘abuse’ now, which I suppose could be understood – how my father was raised was much harsher than how I raised my son, perhaps it is supposed to diminish until we get to this – heaven, this utopia.” He sighed. “I wanted to – I wanted my approval to be something that my children strove for, or after. I suppose I was obsessed with approval ratings myself, but you do have to get the – approval of other people in this life, in order to succeed. People have to want to eat at your restaurant – and have you guys tried this one at the top of the tree, run by – Mavis was it?” He laughed. “Okay, okay – I’ll withdraw that myself. But it really is amazing, believe me. So – I withheld my approval for my children – particularly my eldest, hello again stranger – because he in fact had the most potential of all of my children. My middle child was like a horse – strong, fast, but not much between the ears. My daughter – well, that’s a whole other situation… Unless you dig her up as well… Sorry, poor taste. And I did that – yes, I did spank my children, on occasion. But I wasn’t about to teach them discipline while being undisciplined myself – there were a series of steps, each one had to be followed, it wasn’t some random blow from the sky! You give a warning, then another warning, and then you explain why the spanking is about to happen, and then you administer the spanking – through clothing – it was really designed to shock rather than hurt – and then you check with the child whether he – or she – understands why the punishment has occurred. You never did it out of anger, you didn’t do it out of hatred, and you didn’t do it because of some silly disagreement.” Mr. Staytin held up a finger. “And you certainly made sure that the child understood the rules before applying the punishment.” He craned his head, looking around the gallery. “I’m with you – all. I hated the parents who just – beat the hell out of their children, they were just creating monsters we would all have to deal with for the rest of our lives!” He spread his hands again. “The kids with no discipline just kind of – dissolved. The kids who were – beaten – just rebelled, they just – dissolved in opposition instead, same outcome. Me, I’ve always been for the Aristotelian mean.”
Alice stood. “How often did you spank your children?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 377
Mr. Staytin’s eyes widened. “Gosh… I know this sounds like a copout, but I am actually having some trouble accessing – middle memories. I guess the cryogenic technology was kind of – primitive. I can remember a few instances – one when my middle son was running towards a busy road, and another when my daughter knocked over a propane lamp while we were camping, could’ve set us all ablaze.” He wagged his finger towards his son. “And this one, always hungry, grabbing at things on the stove. A woman I dated when I was a teenager had terrible burns all down her back, that really stuck with me. She couldn’t get anywhere in life, she was afraid of the – beach…” His voice seemed to grow unconsciously aggrieved. “And yes, we turned the handles of the pans to the back, but he just kept grabbing at them, and it’s tough with three kids – they also would do whatever he did, so it spread…” He turned to his son with a smile. “You got to stay up later, you got more allowance, but you were also a template for your siblings – and with great power comes great responsibility… There was also a rule about the phone… He was a needy kid, always wanted me around, so I would try to stay home on occasion, and sometimes there would be – very important phone calls, which is funny, because nothing seems important now, but then… And he would constantly want to show me something while I was on the phone, and I confess it created a kind of – static – in my brain, oh man, really frustrating – it was a real high‐wire act, my life. You can only explain – those kinds of interruptions so many times before you sound like some emasculated house husband. Couldn’t have that. And there wasn’t much reasoning, that is the young‐puppy phase of childhood, you just have to – train them. But it’s a phase, and it ends, like everything – except my life I suppose!” He laughed, apparently self‐consciously.
There was a strange silence in the amphitheater after his words. He turned around, scanning the audience.
Alice said: “You never – spanked your children in public.”
“I also do not – defecate in public either. Or have sex. Does that make me a hypocrite?”
“Analogies are not arguments.”
Mr. Staytin sighed. “I suppose it comes from my management experience. Praise in public, chastise in private. I cheered my middle son during his endless – football games. I wasn’t screaming from the stands at him though, when he did something wrong – I would talk about that with him in private. You wanted to be instructional, not humiliating, so you don’t do it in front of his friends, or strangers, or photographers, or the media – that to me would be utterly abusive!”
Alice paused. “You said that your children were like puppies…”
Mr. Staytin’s voice sharpened. “No.”
“You didn’t?”
“Don’t – reduce it to that. With regards to self‐discipline, I said that they were in a puppy‐like phase.”
“And how long did that phase last?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 378
Mr. Staytin shrugged. “It was different for each kid. My eldest son fought me, my middle obeyed – and my daughter just – avoided me, clung to her mother, I guess. Are you asking when the last time was I spanked my children? For each of them?”
“Let’s just – stick to your eldest.”
Mr. Staytin’s eyes narrowed. “That’s a tough one. You’re going to ask me, then you’re going to ask him – or maybe he will ask me, apparently it works that way now. And if there is a discrepancy, then one of us is lying – or both of us. The fact is that it was not a central or important part of my parenting, so – it’s like asking exactly how old your children were when they lost their last baby tooth. It’s just part of – parenting, part of the general flow, not important enough to mark in your brain, like a birthday. My wife would remember – she could recite all our illnesses in her sleep…”
Alice said: “Just – give me a rough age range.”
He took a deep breath. “Whooo.” He tried to catch his son’s eye, but Jake was looking down. “I’m going to guess – and remember, some of my memories didn’t survive the deep‐freeze – before puberty for sure, maybe nine or ten? No, it must’ve been younger than that…”
Alice waited.
Mr. Staytin looked at her helplessly. “I – I couldn’t honestly tell you.”
“Was he over five?”
“I think so.”
“And did you try – reasoning with him, before hitting him?”
Cornelius said: “Asked and answered. He already said that he explained the rules before spanking.”
Alice replied: “Explaining rules is not reasoning.”
Judge Peters pursed his lips. “I think we could all – use more detail.”
Mr. Staytin paused, glancing at the Judge. “So I’m – to answer?”
“Yes.”
He blew through his lips. “Reasoning… That was pretty much the same as pleading, in my day – and I don’t think I ever saw a different example. Life is busy – everyone here has enough leisure to come and lounge around ‐ and I don’t think I’ve seen one genuine emergency since I – came back to life. You’re all like a bunch of Roman…” He laughed softly. “Well, you have time, but that wasn’t how it was – for us. I guess this is a special case of historical pleading, but you have no idea how busy we were… I would get up at 5:30 in the morning – before dawn usually – exercise, do emails, social media, breakfast, calls – endless, endless calls – and usually head off to the office before the kids were even up. Sometimes I wouldn’t get home until after they’d gone to bed – which I hated, I always wanted to read them a story,
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 379
when they were young…” His eyes grew distant. “Everything was mad, looking back – it was a mad life, but I loved it at the time. I frankly don’t know how you all – fill up your days. And even the weekends – there was always some family function or donor dinner, someone was always having an anniversary or a christening or a birthday, it was just a – mad treadmill, as I said. There was no time for reason…” He smiled sadly. “Although I suppose you will say that there was no time because we weren’t reasoning. But you get the world, you try to improve it, but you can’t remake it from scratch…”
“Unless it burns to the ground…” said Alice softly, then lifted up her left hand. “Withdrawn.”
Mr. Staytin stared at her for a long moment, then shrugged. “So of course you do try to reason with your kids, but you can’t spend your entire life trying to reason with your kids, you have to get things done as well. And I – I love the leisure that you have now… This world without emergencies – makes my world look like a madhouse, and maybe it was…”
Alice said: “Of course, you never hit – another adult, correct?”
Mr. Staytin shrugged. “Maybe some drunken stuff in my teens – but no, not really.”
“Why did you hit children, but not adults?”
“Well – I don’t know how to say this without sounding – insulting, but children’s brains are – immature. Deficient in reason, just like they are – deficient in height, relative to adulthood.”
Alice checked her notes. “What was your grandfather’s name?”
Mr. Staytin blinked. “John.”
“And – he spent years with – diminished capacity, is that right?”
“I don’t remember how long it was, but it was a while, yeah.”
“And would you say that – John – was deficient in reason? Relative to his adulthood?”
“He had dementia.”
Alice nodded. “So – he had a – physical deficiency, in his brain, which reduced his capacity to reason.”
Mr. Staytin stared at her.
Cornelius said: “We need a question.”
Mr. Staytin said: “I’m not a doctor, and I was a kid, I don’t know what was wrong with him.”
“But you said he had dementia.”
He shrugged. “That’s what I was told, that was the common word, but I didn’t – diagnose him like a doctor would.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 380
“But it wasn’t – some – moral failing, right? Something was wrong with his brain, which reduced his capacity to reason.”
“That would be my assumption.”
“Would it have been appropriate for your father to – hit his father, if his father did not – act rationally?”
Mr. Staytin turned with oddly pleading eyes to Cornelius. His representative walked over to him, and they conferred quietly.
Cornelius said: “Judge Peters, my client cannot reasonably answer what he thought his father should’ve done about his grandfather’s illness.”
Alice snorted. “I am asking – I do apologize for the unclear wording – I am asking if Mr. Staytin believes it would be morally right – or acceptable – for his father to have hit his grandfather for failing to act rationally.”
Instantly, Mr. Staytin said: “That would be elder…”
He stopped immediately.
Alice turned to him with laser focus. “What was the next word? What were you about to say?”
Mr. Staytin looked at Cornelius, who looked at Judge Peters.
“Please answer,” said the judge, leaning forward.
Mr. Staytin sat silently.
Everyone waited, for an endless thirty seconds.
“Cornelius, please inform your client of the penalties for failing to answer honestly.”
Another huddled conference, much gesticulation.
A recess.
Eventually, Mr. Staytin returned to the stand.
Judge Peters asked: “Are you ready to answer the question?”
“I am.”
“Please repeat the question.”
Alice said: “Would it be morally acceptable for his father to have hit his grandfather for failing to act rationally?”
“No, because that would be elder – abuse.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 381
A ripple of breathy sound flew through the amphitheater.
Alice said: “Why would that be abuse?”
Mr. Staytin said: “Well, it’s not his fault that he has – dementia.”
“Is it your children’s fault that they had – childhood?”
“I don’t understand the question.”
“Is it a child’s fault that his brain is – immature, relative to his adulthood?”
“Of course not.”
“So – if we cannot punish the elderly for their diminished mental capacity, how is it moral to punish children for their diminished mental capacity?”
“Because – children are going to grow into adulthood, they have potential that my grandfather did not.”
“So you are changing your answer.”
“Excuse me? I am doing no such thing.”
“You certainly are.”
Mr. Staytin stared at Alice stonily.
“Would you like me to tell you how your answer has changed?” asked Alice.
Silence.
She leaned forward over her white desk. “Your answer has changed because earlier, you said that you punished your children because of their diminished capacity. When I pointed out that you did not punish your grandfather – or you would not approve of him being punished – because of his diminished capacity, you now say that your children can be punished because they have potential – intellectual potential. In other words, it is not diminished capacity that is the cause of punishment, but rather diminished capacity plus intellectual potential. Diminished capacity alone is not enough.”
“Hair‐splitting 101.”
“I don’t understand,” said Alice.
“An introductory course is called ‘101’,“ said Mr. Staytin coldly. “My children are not my grandfather, different rules apply. Sure, they both wore diapers I suppose, but only one of them breast‐fed – at least I hope so!”
The expected laughter did not manifest.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 382
Alice slowly began walking towards Mr. Staytin. “Let us suppose that there was a course of treatment that helped your grandfather regain his intellectual capacity. Every day, he got a little bit better, although it would take years to recover completely. Would it be acceptable to strike him then, if he failed to obey the rules?”
“I get where you’re coming from, but please let’s not waste time and insult our intelligence. My grandfather had had his life, he knew all the rules, and they had been taken away from him by bad luck, by nature, whatever. My children were born blank slates, tabula rasa, the rules had to be – imprinted on them. The wax steams on impact, doesn’t make the king evil…”
“So you are changing your answer again.”
“What the hell?”
Alice paused after his outburst, then slowly ticked off her fingers. “First, it was hitting based on diminished capacity – then it was diminished capacity plus intellectual potential – now, it is diminished capacity plus intellectual potential plus a lack of prior knowledge about the rules. Does it trouble you that you are continually changing your story? Do you know what the word ‘defensive’ means?”
Cornelius jumped up: “Rhetorical questions.”
Judge Peters signaled for Alice to move on.
She nodded. “Earlier, you said that you could not remember when you stopped hitting your children, do you remember that?”
“Yes.”
“Do you think that we should judge you more harshly, or less harshly, based on your lack of knowledge, your forgetfulness?”
“My brain was frozen!”
“Agreed – you have an intellectual deficiency outside of your control, at least we have to take your word on that. Do you think we should judge you more harshly, or less harshly, because you no longer remember when you stopped hitting your children?”
“I don’t know. This world is new to me.”
“What do you mean?”
“If you come across some – pygmy tribe in the middle of nowhere, and they ask you how they should feel or think about something, you wouldn’t have a clue, because you don’t know them at all – well you are even more foreign than that to me – I have no idea how you should or should not judge me, I’m just – telling the truth!”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 383
“All right – let us say you have a personal assistant, and she does not schedule an appointment. Two scenarios – one, you told her about the appointment, and she forgot – and two, you never told her about the appointment at all. Would you judge her more negatively if you had told her about that appointment, and she just forgot it?”
“I would judge her more negatively, yes.”
“What if it turned out that she had some brain disease, which caused her to forget the appointment?”
Mr. Staytin rolled his eyes. “Well, then of course I wouldn’t judge her – negatively.”
“And of course, if you had never told her of the appointment, you wouldn’t judge her negatively at all for failing to forget that which she had never learned.”
“Yes.”
“So now you are changing your answer once more.”
Mr. Staytin jumped up. “Oh come on!”
The Judge gestured for him to sit again.
“You have, you are,” said Alice, walking slowly closer. “Now we have another standard excusing – or justifying – you hitting your children. You said that you could hit them – but not your grandfather – because they had diminished capacity, with the potential for maturity – and because your grandfather had prior knowledge of the rules, while your children did not. Now, you claim that you would not judge your personal assistant negatively for having no knowledge of an appointment – in other words, if she didn’t know something, you would not judge her negatively for the inevitable result.”
Cornelius raised his hand. “Judge Peters, I’m getting confused.”
“Try again,” said the judge.
“No need,” said Mr. Staytin briskly. “I did say that my grandfather should not be hit because he used to know the rules, and has forgotten them – but that was not the case with my children, because I explicitly told them the rules before spanking them – gave them many many warnings in fact! So the two situations are not analogous!”
“Was there a time – early in your grandfather’s disease – when you, or your father – or anyone really – reminded him of the rules, but he failed to follow them, because of his reduced intellectual capacity?”
“I’m sure there was.”
“So reduced intellectual capacity can lead one to not follow the rules, even if they have been made explicit recently.”
Pause.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 384
“Mr. Staytin?”
Silence. Cornelius’s lower lip trembled.
“Mr. Staytin?”
“Why the hell are we talking about my grandfather’s dying mind from centuries ago? He’s not here, my father isn’t here, you are all just – obsessed with the past, with railroading me and cornering me and – twisting my words!”
The judge raised his hand. “Mr. Staytin.”
He took a deep breath.
“You must answer the question.”
Mr. Staytin stared at Alice for a moment. “Repeat.”
Alice said: “Is it possible for a person with diminished intellectual capacity to fail to follow rules that have been explained shortly before?”
“Yes.”
“So this justification, too, for hitting children – fails, falls flat, is invalid.”
Silence.
“Every characteristic that you claim justifies hitting children applies only to children, even though those characteristics also apply to adults with mental deficiencies. This means that – do you know what ex post facto reasoning is?”
“Of course, although I know you will explain it again.”
“Reasoning after the fact. You act, and then you justify. You hit children because they are smaller and weaker, and dependent upon you. You hit children because you were hit as a child, you have not processed that pain, that fear and anger, and so you re‐inflict it upon your own children, which was a cycle of history that led to the horrors of the Cataclysms. You have no moral justification for hitting children. If, in your old age, you had diminished mental capacity – as we all do – and your adult children hit you – as you had hit them, you would have screamed that it was ‘elder abuse’ and called the police! You complain that I insult your intelligence – do not insult this entire assembly, the entire world, by pretending that your violence towards your children was anything other than the brute exercise of power over them!” She turned and pointed at Jake. “One of them is still here, against all odds, and I would bet a Bitcoin that this is the first time he has heard all of these excuses and justifications for your brutality towards him! We will get an apology out of you, Mr. Staytin – even if it is 500 years too late! We are here for justice!”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 385
Chapter 44
Cornelius rose, and his unusual bulk seemed to amplify his presence. It seemed as if a wave of admiration and mild resentment washed over the watching crowd – perhaps they felt it was unfair to pit such an imposing man against such a slender youth.
Cornelius said: “Well of course we are here for justice – I don’t find it necessary to announce to my dentist that I have come for dentistry. People repeat that they wish to be just when they secretly fear – or know perhaps – that they’re being unjust…”
Alice raised her hand to object, but then shook her head.
Cornelius said: “I had – I have – prepared a big speech, but I am throwing it all aside, for the moment, because I cannot help but notice one essential fact in my colleague’s – presentation.
“She took great pains at the beginning to remind us – to inform us – that Mr. Staytin – the ex‐President of the United States of America – has lost his title, and we were no longer to refer to him as a President, or afford him any respect or deference due to his office.
“Fair enough. I doubt anyone here – with the exception of Mr. Staytin himself – believes that his office deserves much respect or deference, given what we know happened over the last few centuries.
“However, this raises perhaps the most important point of these entire proceedings. Thousands are gathered here, hundreds of millions around the world – no pressure, just noticing – and why? Well, obviously, there is the strange novelty of a mind being shot forward half a millennia through time – but observing and examining his thoughts could have as easily been achieved through interviews and talk shows. He could have asked and answered questions live or in VR, for the next few decades, and I doubt we would have run out of things to talk about. So we are not gathered here out of mere curiosity about this window into history.”
Cornelius stared at the crowd, past the tiny cameras. “Why are we here? I distill that ancient philosophical question into something more pointed – why am I standing here, why are you sitting there, why are you watching this?
“I believe it is because we are trying to live a contradiction. Let us take my colleague’s lead and strip Mr. Staytin of all of his – power and historical grandeur and – his presidency. Very well. Let us imagine that he was a plumber, or a computer programmer, or a house painter. Mr. Staytin, who paints houses. Mr. Staytin, who was never President, never a public figure, never held high office – was unknown even in his day.
“Through some accident of science or circumstances, Mr. Staytin, the obscure house painter, arrives on our shores, in our time. How would we treat him?
“I cannot say with certainty, of course – but I imagine we would interview him, we would ask him questions and get his insights. We would criticize him, of course, for his primitive thoughts – but would we do…” He gestured at the enormous white amphitheater. “Would we do – this?
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 386
“Would we haul him in front of an audience of hundreds of millions and charge him with the most serious crimes in our legal vocabulary?
“Would we make a spectacle out of him, an example?
Cornelius pointed at Mr. Staytin. “Look at me honestly and tell me that we would be treating this man in exactly the same manner if he were an unknown house painter from the distant past.
“No, it is impossible, it would not happen.”
Alice jumped up. “Speculation.”
Judge Peters paused. “Cornelius?”
“I think it is fair to say that we would not treat an unknown person exactly the same way that we would treat one of the most famous men in all of history.”
“Alice?”
“It is still speculation. We cannot tell how things would be different, even if we accept there would be a difference.”
Cornelius said: “But I have not stated how things would be different, merely that they would be.”
“It is not proven.”
Cornelius said: “The interest from the residents of the geographical region invaded by President Staytin in the distant past has been extraordinarily high. More people per capita are watching from there than anywhere else. Now come on, let us be reasonable – you cannot possibly argue that this vast number of people would be watching an unknown house painter, as opposed to a political leader who harmed their ancestors.”
Alice paused. “You are correct.”
“Furthermore…”
Judge Peters waved his hand. “You only need one instance, Cornelius.”
Cornelius nodded. “All right, we have established that things are different because he was the President. Now, we are all troubled by the continued existence of States across the globe. We also know that their power is derived from the abuse of children in their – countries. I post this as a theoretical, since it cannot be proved – but I ask everyone watching and listening to think of this: the level of worldwide interest in this case is unprecedented in history. We have the capacity to instruct – and remind – the entire world of the relationship between the abuse of children and the power of the State. Using the interest generated by the fact that Mr. Staytin used to be President Staytin, the most powerful man in the world, we have the capacity to cast – to project – this most essential information into the hearts and minds of virtually the entire planet.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 387
Alice said: “None of this is proven.”
Cornelius shrugged. “The level of interest is higher, that is proven. The relationship between child abuse and State power is proven, and has been for centuries. I have not made any assertions about the intent of my colleague, because I cannot read minds of course.”
Judge Peters raised his eyebrows. “I appreciate the audacity of winging it, Cornelius, and have some idea where you are going, but I would appreciate it if you would get there ‐ more rapidly.”
Cornelius nodded. “Now I know that my colleague was abused as a child – this is common knowledge, I am not speaking out of turn. I also strongly suspect – though cannot prove directly – that she was chosen to prosecute this case because of her intimate and emotional knowledge – experience – of being abused as a child – for which of course she has my fullest and deepest sympathies. She is one of the very few people in our society who has something in common with Jake Staytin, the accused’s son…”
Alice stood. “I do not appreciate being dragged into this case.”
Judge Peters agreed.
“My apologies to both of you – to all of you. My point is this: if my colleague is using Mr. Staytin’s past life as the President as leverage to gain interest, and so transfer the knowledge of how to become free to the remaining dark spots in the world – in other words, if he is being treated as an ex‐President, rather than an unknown house painter – then he is political leverage – or moral leverage perhaps – which means that his trial is innately unjust!”
Alice jumped up. “I would like to say that this is outrageous – because it is – but of course I need to formulate a more specific argument. The idea that my office would act unjustly towards Mr. Staytin in order to achieve some abstract political goal – or anti‐political goal – is appalling! It is true that I suffered briefly as a child, but I have a wonderful family, my Scans are all clear – I was not abused to the point where I would end up as an amoral consequence‐calculator. The idea that I would’ve been traumatized to the point where I would end up saying that the end justifies the means – there is no evidence for that, and if we are going to go down that road, I am more than happy to have a team of psychologists and doctors testify as to my mental health.”
Cornelius said: “I am talking about general motivations – I cannot speak to your specific motivations of course. The decision to prosecute Mr. Staytin did not rest solely on your young shoulders. And we have already admitted that the current circumstances would be different if he had not been the President.”
Alice’s eyes flashed. “Different? That is what you are hanging your rebuttal on? Yes, things would’ve been different if he had not been a President. Granted. Also, things would have been different if it had been raining today. Some audience members might have pocketed umbrellas. Things would’ve been different if there had been a power failure, or if Mr. Staytin had awoken with a sore throat, or if my client had fainted five minutes ago. We can all construct alternative realities with infinite differences – which would mean that every single prosecution is unjust – is that your argument?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 388
Cornelius narrowed his eyes. “The extra millions of eyes on these proceedings originating from the land President Staytin previously invaded – do these constitute the equivalent of a few extra umbrellas to you?”
“That is a difference of degree, not of kind. Your argument that any difference implies unjust treatment is invalid.”
“Stating it does not make it so.”
“And even if we accept that more people are watching because Mr. Staytin used to be the President – a President – that does not mean that any injustice is occurring here. That’s like saying that if a few more people are watching a tennis game, that means the players are cheating!”
“Athletes play differently when a scout is watching!”
Judge Peters held up a hand. “Cornelius – you may finish your argument, but please leave your colleague out of it.”
“I appreciate that, and I apologize – I will.” Cornelius took a deep breath. “We accept that these proceedings are different because my client was the President – the most famous and powerful man in the world. If I were considering prosecuting this case, I would be tempted by two things – and I do speak only of myself here. First, I would be tempted to – leverage – Mr. Staytin’s fame and notoriety to send a message to the world. Second, I would be tempted to – strike a blow for the billions who died over the course of the Cataclysms. While I would never put my colleague in the same category as prior Statist prosecutors, we know that the desire for vengeance after conflict runs strong throughout the human heart, throughout human history. The hammer‐blow of revenge is not something we have outgrown – nor should we.
“I merely put these forward as possibilities. And I turn to everyone in this amphitheater, since it is you who will decide my client’s fate. Why are you here? How many of the reasons why you are here are wrapped up in my client’s prior – occupation? Would you be here if he was an unknown house painter? Is my client to pay for the Cataclysms? Is my client a proxy for sending the message of peaceful parenting to the Statist societies? Are they watching because of who he was? Are you?
“It is a central principle of justice that a man be tried for his crimes alone, and for no other reason. Using a man to send a message, to be a scapegoat – these are great wrongs. If my client would not be here if he were an unknown house painter, then he should not be here at all. We all know that, and we should act accordingly.”
After a long pause, Cornelius nodded at the audience and took his seat.
Alice scribbled furiously.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 389
Chapter 45
Jake Staytin was called in the afternoon, and he strode uncertainly to the stand. He was a tall man, with cropped white hair and a slender build – short of muscles, of course, despite the electrical stimulation.
He had a woeful air; his eyes were cavernous, full of sights that had to be kept silent.
Alice said: “Good afternoon, Jake.” She turned to the audience. “I don’t mean to sound over‐familiar, but we have an unusual father‐and‐son series of witnesses.” She turned back to him. “You are aware of how these proceedings will go?”
Jake nodded.
“In your day, witnesses were not allowed to cross‐examine each other, but things have changed since then. You are allowed – even encouraged – to have a direct conversation with your father.”
Jake said: “I have a question, but I’m not sure if it’s for you or the judge.”
“Ask, and we shall see.”
“Well, we have these – you have these – Scans and whatnot – why not just hook everyone up to machines and make sure they are telling the truth?”
“Judge?” offered Alice.
Judge Peters nodded. “A few reasons, great question. This was tried in the past, but crimes tend to be committed by people with very – strange brains. They don’t tend to feel guilt, or shame – sociopaths, you used to call them – we call them ‘unicorns’ now, they are so rare. But they can pass any truth‐scans easily. Of course, we can scan them and find out that they are sociopaths – which makes them far more likely to commit a crime, but not certain to. Another reason is that the pursuit of justice is a particularly – human endeavour. We program all our machines with morality – with universally preferable behaviour – but that does not make them moral. Programming a robot to flip a burger does not make it a chef, just metal following instructions. So we wanted to reserve the most human pursuit for – humanity, for us. And finally, the examination of immorality is not exactly a – skill that we, as a society, wish to abandon, to let atrophy, to forget. Philosophy – moral philosophy – is like the immune system of the body – if it doesn’t get any exercise, it tends to – self‐destruct, and the body politic can then be infected by any rogue virus. We saw the effects on your society of the decay of moral philosophy – which concerns itself with the promotion of virtue and the examination and conquest of evil, just as a doctor concerns himself with the promotion of health and the examination and conquest of illness. Does that answer your question?”
Jake said: “That does not speak well for my upcoming defense.”
The Judge nodded. “I am aware that charges are being prepared for you with regards to your role in the Cataclysms – and they are of course serious charges, the second‐most serious in our society – and it
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 390
would be inhuman for me to ask you to forget those charges, but I will ask you to do your best to focus on the current – case, the current circumstances.”
Jake nodded morosely.
Judge Peters gestured for Alice to proceed.
“Now, Jake – would you rather me question your father, or would you prefer to question your father directly?”
Something deep in Jake’s eyes flashed. Everyone knew that the question had been asked and answered ahead of time, during preparation, but the moment still sparked something deep within him. His back straightened, and he pulled at his long grey beard.
“I will ask him,” he said with resolution.
Mr. Staytin and Cornelius exchanged glances. Cornelius shrugged and pointed at a piece of paper between them. Mr. Staytin stood up and walked to the second stand. He raised his head and stared at Jake.
“Good to see you, son. It’s been a while.”
“It has.”
They stared at each other, the weight of centuries hanging between them.
Mr. Staytin said: “Judge?”
“Yes?”
“I have a couple questions.”
“Go ahead.”
“What is my son being charged with?”
“Censorship.”
Mr. Staytin blinked. “What? That’s the second most serious crime here?”
“After child abuse, it is the greatest source of criminality.”
Mr. Staytin took a deep breath. “Man, I really did fall down the rabbit hole, didn’t I?”
He glanced around, but there was no laughter.
He turned to his son. “What did you do?”
Jake cleared his throat. “Well, dad, I ran a social media company – the biggest one in fact.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 391
Mr. Staytin whistled. “Well…” He turned to the audience. “And you all think that I was the most powerful person?”
Again, no laughter.
“What happened?”
Jake turned to the judge. “I don’t know if I’m supposed to answer, because I don’t know – the – end of the story.”
Judge Peters said: “Why do you want to know, Louis?”
He shrugged. “Well, if I understand how this – rabbit hole – works, then my son here is charged with a serious crime, and one of his defenses will be that I was a terrible mean father, and that’s why he did – whatever terrible things he did. What that means is that he has a massive incentive to portray me as negatively as possible, which does not speak to his objectivity at all – or rather it does, in that he has none.”
There was a pause. The Judge gestured for Alice and Cornelius to approach him. There was a rapid conference, out of earshot.
Eventually, the Judge said: “You raise a valid point, thank you. We don’t have any magical solutions, other than to say that any falsehood from either of you will automatically procure your guilt. We do not generally accept childhood maltreatment as an excuse for moral wrongdoing as an adult. It may have a mitigating factor in extremes, but moral hypocrisy – which is really the root of all criminality – can be unraveled by every sovereign consciousness. If a thief is stolen from, he is upset and angry – he recognizes that he steals from other human beings, who face the same upset and anger – and this can all be unraveled with a moment’s thought, which people are always responsible for avoiding.”
Mr. Staytin said: “I still need to know something about what happened to my son, what he did.”
“Why?”
“Because he knows what he did after I – died. I don’t. He has at least some idea as to why he is being charged – or might be – I have no idea. He is working from a greater knowledge set than I can possibly have access to, at the moment. It’s – unequal.”
Jake snorted. His father’s eyes flashed.
Another conference, then the Judge said: “Very well, I can give you a brief summary. Your son Jake ended up as the – leader of a social media company called Mindbank, which had several billion users at its peak, I think. He promoted the company as a haven for free speech, but then began banning people. Most disasters in the world – social disasters, political disasters – arise from restrictions on free speech. The existing political classes – this is the allegation, not proven as yet – put a lot of pressure on your son to silence particular perspectives, particular arguments, particular data, that opposed the expansion of their power. These arguments, if more widely known, would almost certainly have prevented the
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 392
Cataclysms – suppressing these arguments arguably resulted in the deaths of billions of people. People, as you know, always have to have a way to resolve their differences – if they cannot debate and argue, they end up fighting and killing. Reason or war, these are the only alternatives – there is nothing else. Now your son claims brain damage, based upon your alleged abuse of him as an infant – but the potential prosecution rests on the fact that those – politically favoured people on his platform who directly advocated violence were still permitted accounts, while those who rejected violence and promoted unpopular arguments and data were banned. Promoting violence while banning reason set the world on its inevitable path to the Cataclysms. Also it was fraud, clear and simple, as far as I can see, because he provided a variety of reasons for banning people, but never revealed the political pressure that he was under to remove them. Furthermore, his organization was treated as a neutral platform by the existing laws, but he clearly exercised editorial control over who was allowed to have an account. Exercising editorial control opened him up to lawsuits for the content of his platform, so he always denied exercising such control – but his deplatformings had a strong pattern consistent with ideological preferences. Finally, he engaged a variety of other organizations to perform what he called ‘fact checking’ – but, when challenged in court, his lawyers responded with the argument that these ‘fact checkers’ were merely expressing subjective opinions, which were protected by the speech laws of the time.
“These falsehoods and manipulations resulted in a society utterly blinded to oncoming disasters. In the same way that corporate malfeasance was enabled by nondisclosure agreements – incredible restrictions on free speech – State malfeasance was enabled by de‐platforming.”
Jake said: “Everything I did was legal at the time!”
The Judge shrugged. “That is debatable, but irrelevant. Would you be content with us lobbing charges at you, without the right of defense?”
Jake was silent.
“So – you appreciate having a platform here, to respond to allegations. And if we were to charge you with various crimes, but deny you your right to respond – to deplatform you from this court – would you not consider that grossly and monstrously unjust?”
Silence.
The Judge said: “You will be tried according to your own standards, your own values. If you had been prevented from responding to any of the many lawsuits launched against you – if a summary judgement had been entered against you, with no right of reply on your part, you would have cried ‘injustice’ and railed against it until the end of time – but you offered no such justice to your victims!”
Alice started to speak, but the Judge waved his hand. “I know, I just recused myself from all of this – next phase, and I’m not going to adjudicate anything here, but I’m just trying to answer the questions from both the elder and the younger Staytins.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 393
Mr. Staytin said: “So, the more – morally hypocritical I appear in my trial, the greater defense my son has for his.”
The Judge turned to him slowly. “Are you saying that you oppose any apparent conflict of interest?”
Cornelius jumped up and said: “I’m not sure he’s saying that.”
“I think he is. Please answer.”
Mr. Staytin said scornfully “Oh, I get the game – if I complain about any conflict of interest, you will bring up conflicts of interest I had in the past – or in the present I suppose – which I supposedly benefited from. And if you find even one, then my requests for justice are denied?”
Judge Peters said: “Mr. Staytin – Louis – our world is founded on the premise that morality is universal. You cannot benefit from conflicts of interest – the foundation of your entire political career, to my understanding – and then rail against them when they inconvenience you.” He smiled. “Well you can, of course – you can do anything you want – but it won’t work here, not in this day, not in my courtroom, not in this ‐ age. Your son is guilty of deplatforming others, because he would rail against being deplatformed himself. He denied the right of reply to others, while demanding the right of reply for himself. Will you look me in the eyes and say that you never benefitted from conflicts of interest throughout your political career?”
Mr. Staytin cocked his head. He said nothing.
Judge Peters leaned back, apparently satisfied. “Then let us leave the question of conflict of interest in the dust, and proceed with the examination. Jake?”
Jake took a deep breath, and glanced around at the court, the Judge, the representatives – and the audience, both seen and unseen.
He cleared his throat.
“Dad…”
Mr. Staytin looked at him placidly.
“I feel like I’m – airing family grievances in this – incredibly public place, but this is what history has – pointed us towards, so here it is.” He coughed. “I get some of the obvious stuff – we were never supposed to embarrass you, we had to stay silent, never oppose you – and of course I appreciate now, with the wisdom of this – place – that that had something to do with my – with the deplatforming stuff they talked about before. Why it was so easy for me to believe that words could lead to danger, and I was keeping the world safe by – silencing people… I’m not confessing to anything, just letting my thoughts – flow, as I was advised.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 394
“They told me to start with my first memory – which is always hard, impossible I guess – but when I was – waking up, or being woken – my life did flow before me, I don’t know if you had the same experience – did you?”
There was an almost imperceptible nod.
“And I had a – like vision, hah, they just said to say everything, it’s not even possible, let alone provable – but these – women, their heads, were rotating like on a wheel on the outside of my crib, round and round, smiling and trying to play with me, but it was like some sped‐up version of the sun’s path, they never had any time – and my crib stayed the same, but the room changed a lot – the pictures, no, but the windows and the colours – I guess I had some nannies, and we moved around… I remember finding my fingers, like little worms I could play with – and not exactly counting, but noticing the blades on the fan, how they drifted a little when the window was open – and sounds from the street, play‐sounds, kids yelling and laughing – and feeling like I was kind of in prison – I didn’t have the word of course, but feeling – trapped, isolated, abandoned…”
There was an authenticity to the memories that seemed to dissolve his self‐consciousness.
“I do remember there being a lot of – impatience. You came in, and I remember shrinking from you ‐ strange smell, like a bear. And I was always dressed up to be with mom – as if it were a date. She was always dolled up, holding me for photographs. And I wanted stuff, as babies do, but it seemed like it was a different person every time, a different woman…”
He laughed, and some of the self‐consciousness returned.
“I remember being afraid of going to the washroom at night – one time, I just peed in the corner rather than leave my room. I was older I guess of course. And another time, I told myself I would be a giant if I could hold my poop in until I got to the toilet – but I didn’t make it, which – well, there was more impatience and annoyance.
“I remember wanting to grow up as quickly as possible – that’s why I ate so much. Kids were boring, adults were interesting and – self‐contained. They didn’t need anyone... I wanted to climb out of my childhood like it was a sinking submarine. Huh, wow, I’ve never thought I was poetic. And I remember thinking that you were a commander in the Army, stationed far away – and I respected you, or feared you, or something. I wanted to be like you, but that seemed – impossible, it was way too much of a journey between me and – you. And you scowled…”
The elder Mr. Staytin raised his hand.
The Judge gestured for him to speak.
“Is this how it – works?”
“Can you be more specific?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 395
“This unverifiable – stream of consciousness. I was in the Army, he was a submarine or something. I don’t see any facts, nothing I can respond to.”
“The stream of consciousness is essential to understanding his mind, his experience.”
“I thought you were judge, not a – therapist.”
Judge Peters was unoffended. “Does it trouble you to – listen to your son?”
Mr. Staytin smiled, waving his hand carelessly. “Not at all. It’s a cosmic miracle we are able to speak at all!”
“Then he shall continue.”
Mr. Staytin shrugged.
Jake took a sip of water. “I don’t know if we need a pattern, or just one thing, but I do remember running away. Something terrible happened, that day, that I cannot remember – some yelling, or something frightening, and I really felt that I was going to – die, in that house. I had – I don’t know, a thought, a feeling, maybe a dream – where someone asked me if I would want to live if my life were to just – continue, as it was, unchanged…” His voice caught. “And I didn’t, I didn’t want to… And I suppose I thought I would die if I stayed, and any chance was better – than…” A tear escaped. “And I supposed that the wilderness, or whatever was outside, would be more friendly than… I don’t know if you’ve ever felt like you were – unwanted, or a burden, or an annoyance, or an interruption to a – better time – but I felt that, that my use to you, dad, was just – years and years in the future… That I sat between you – and something better. And you were angry at me for being – in the way, somehow. Maybe I thought it was a kindness to you as well… And I wasn’t doing it for attention, I wasn’t trying to make some point, I didn’t want to be caught – I genuinely wanted to get away, get out of the way…” He ground the heels of his hands into his eyes. “And I really couldn’t sleep, in that house. I was scared, a lot. Not… During the day, it wasn’t so bad, but at night it was like a haunted – place. Shadows on the ceiling and tree branches scraping the window… One time I woke up – maybe it was that night – and I thought you were sitting by my bed, with no head – just shoulders and a neck – but no blood – and my heart turned into – an icicle. I was so scared. I lay there for – oh God, a while, trying to talk myself out of going insane, and eventually my brain fixed my eyes, and I realized that it was just my jacket on the back of a chair, by my bed – the shoulders, the arms, but no head. And I thought – I don’t know what I thought then, or what I think now, thinking back – but the thought is – I can’t stay in a place where I genuinely believe – for quite a while – that a headless body is leaning over my bed in the night. It wasn’t – better that I had solved it, it was terrible that it had to be solved, that I thought something like that could – be, or happen. Dad, don’t look like that…”
“Like what?”
“Like – this is irrelevant, or stupid, or crazy…”
“You want to control how I look?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 396
Jake leaned forward. “This isn’t the easiest – situation, looking at you, knowing that you are – younger than me, that it looks like a father complaining to his son ‐ it’s all quite mad… I lived for fifty years past your death, ruled the world in my own way… Saw everything terrible that was – coming, tried to get away, tried to hide, we all did – in New Zealand… But I never could get away ‐ you know how it is, no matter where you go, there you are… You never got to real – old age, but it is a second childhood, they are not kidding. I ended up where I began, in a crib with – rotating nurses – a burden, an inconvenience, unable to clean myself. And I didn’t think about you – much, after your – exit, your freezing. But you came back to me, in my old age… And everything I said I would never become – happened. Because I controlled so much, everyone wanted to – control me. I was a prisoner of – managing everyone. Just like I managed people in the family – you. You are terrifying, dad, and that’s the truth. And that fear led me to – control the world, so that nothing bad would ever happen, people would never be in danger – but now they are telling me that everything I did to save the world damned it, set it on fire, and somehow the bodies of billions of people are – laid before me… And it’s a hell of a burden, not going to lie…”
Jake trailed off, his thoughts obviously racing in a million different directions.
Judge Peters asked if he wanted a break, but he shook his head, and gulped more water.
He stared around the amphitheater with teary eyes. “I’ve been talking for like – what, fifteen minutes – and maybe that’s all it takes to – make connections, that mean something… I lived for 83 years – my father for 68 – we had decades together, but we couldn’t find – fifteen minutes to tell the truth! They say that the world went to hell, and I… Billions of lives versus – fifteen minutes of honesty.” Jake openly wept at this point. “What the hell was stopping us, dad? Why did we need 500 years on ice and resolute strangers forcing us together to be even – remotely honest? Why did we need this – science fiction scenario to open our mouths?”
Louis turned to the Judge and said: “I don’t know if I’m supposed to respond, or just keep listening.”
Judge Peters said: “What do you want to do?”
“I honestly don’t know.”
“Jake, it would be helpful if you talked about the night you tried to escape.”
Jake exhaled mightily. “Okay, okay… That night – if it was the night I had the – headless vision, thinking it was my dad – then that would explain why I wanted to – just bolt, take my chances with the – night air. Trying to preserve… I’m really trying to remember how it was for me, back then, that night, but it’s hard because – I didn’t have the words for what I’m saying now, but there was that – truth in my experience. I’ll do my best.
“The thought that comes to my mind – the image, is of those – games, in arcades, I don’t know if you still have them – there’s this claw that you position which comes down and picks up a toy, and drops it in a – slot that you can retrieve it from. And it was like – my free will wasn’t there, it was like a claw that was picking me up to take me outside. Not exactly, I’m just trying to explain how it was – irresistible, this next – step in my life, outside… And I was a good creeper, I crept silently down to the kitchen – it was a
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 397
big deal I think that I took some cookies, but that was the only food I could reach which wasn’t in some box or bag that would make noise, it was a big wide cookie jar with a kind of half‐suction – lid, on the top, which I could open silently, if I was patient… And I had my pillowcase, and I filled it up with some cookies – I wanted bread, but that was in a plastic wrapper… And I knew that people would be upset, but I seemed to cause more – upset than happiness, so I thought that would pass – all right. Like when you scrape your knee and cry, but forget about it the next day, until you stand up... And I was trying to listen, as I crept to the door, to the way out, but I so much remember my heart pounding in my ears, and trying to calm myself down so that I could hear something beyond my own – circulation…” Jake turgid agonized eyes to the Judge. “And I never heard him come, I was so – focused, on – what was ahead, but I felt this – hand, like a claw, like a giant spider, grab me from behind and just – yank me up into the air…”
“Stop!” cried Mr. Staytin.
The Judge gestured for Jake to continue.
“It’s okay, I can wait, if he…”
“Continue. There is no need for secrets here.”
Jake nodded slowly and wiped his eyes. “But it didn’t hurt – I felt pressure, but not pain. And he turned me around, and I could see into his eyes – it was dark, so not really his eyes, but his eye sockets – and he screamed at me, he was totally – panicking…”
Mr. Staytin cried out.
Jake stared at him. “I’m sorry dad. You – beat my head against the door, or the doorframe – I tried to figure it out, which it was, later, by feeling the – injuries, I think it was the doorframe. And you were – otherworldly, like an alien, or maybe that’s what is at the bottom – of you. And it was – top of the lungs stuff – I just was not allowed to get away – and you kept hammering my head against the doorframe, screaming – DON’T DO IT! – over and over, and I went limp – totally limp, trying to appease I suppose – but I clearly remember thinking – what am I supposed to stop doing? You are beating my head against the door, totally in control of my body, my brain – what am I supposed to stop doing? I can’t do anything other than – submit…” Jake’s voice broke completely, and he lowered his head.
His father’s jaw muscles flexed, then sagged.
Judge Peters asked him, very gently: “Louis, do you have a similar memory? From your childhood?”
Everyone, close and far, within the amphitheater and across the world, could see the chasm of choice open up in the ex‐President’s mind. Billions of eyes – living and dead – seemed to hang over the choice before him, to submit or to fight. The world is made – and remade – in every instance of decision, in every choice we make to tell the truth, or avoid ourselves.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 398
And parents – across the world – the good and the bad – were reminded of the patterns of the generations – and how close we always are to freedom, if we are willing to stand up and break those patterns, to bless the present by honestly damning the past. To become better parents by judging those who came before. To judge without hatred, but with relentless consistency. To expose and accept the raw animal fear of having been hurt, bullied, abused. To expose the most terrifying predator to those who hurt us – the honest truth of our pain. The predator that claws our way to Paradise through the bloody guilt of those who prey on children.
Everyone saw that long, long moment – and those good parents the world over felt a tidal wave of joy, gratitude and relief for the love they showed to their children – while the bad parents felt a splintering guilt and bottomless fear at the inevitable backlash of moral honesty and exposure. Some vowed to reform – and some kept their word – while others made the terrible choice they saw coming in the old and broken king.
Louis Staytin said: “I will no longer participate in this – abuse.”
“Louis,” said Judge Peters softly. “This is a lot to – absorb, in one moment. We can take a break, until tomorrow, and you can confer with your representative...”
“Shut the hell up!” roared Louis suddenly, rising to his full height. “You – this entire – sadistic congregation of excavating – this place is just for – torturing – people! You think you have outgrown me? You think you have outgrown humanity’s capacity for – cruelty? What the hell do you think you are up to here? I went to sleep in the world, and woke up in – hell… Maybe we are all in the afterlife, and you are the devils – maybe I am still asleep and being punished for – some crimes… But don’t for a moment think that you are – better than me in any way! Your children will be plowed under by people like me! Some – government – some – military will, just – walk through your lands like you were a – fog! Maybe they come from beyond the moon, beyond… But they will come! I am a window to a more martial world, and without me – or people like me – you would just pick at these old wounds, pretend to be better, and lose the capacity to name – to name –”
“Evil,” said Alice.
Cornelius raised his hand, then slowly lowered it again.
Judge Peters said: “If you – let me speak! If you refuse to participate in these proceedings, a judgement will be entered against you. Did you beat your son?”
“Oh, now you ask pointed questions – of me, for discipline – but not for him, who you say caused the deaths of billions of people! One kid’s head against a doorframe, didn’t even need to go to the hospital, he played – baseball the next day, did you tell them that? Huh kid? Such terrible injuries that you hit a homerun the next day, first time in your life! Bet you weren’t going to tell them that!”
He whirled to the audience, to the world.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 399
“And you can all hear this self‐pitying crap about how he was so sad that he had so many nannies – like we, my wife and I, had nothing better to do than interview a new nanny every month – it was because he – bit them, hit them. And you say, okay, he was a kid, it’s just a quirk…” He turned to his son savagely. “But why don’t you tell them, Jake the Rake – yes, that was his nickname, do you know how much – abuse – I had to cover up for him, when he was a teenager – and this went right on into his corporate career, his predatory harem of underlings, the women – and men – that he harassed and pillaged.”
Jake screamed, spittle flying from his mouth: “YOU’RE THE REASON THE WORLD DIED, DAD!”
Louis sneered at him. “I’d tell you to grow up, but you lived fifty years beyond me, and you’re still a god damned child!”
“I was abused by the nannies, abused by you, forgotten about by ‘mom’ – who had about as much maternal instinct as a shark! And I couldn’t tell anyone anything about anything – when I was a kid, I called someone a ‘jammy bastard,’ and you just about took my knee off kicking me under the table!”
“Well don’t call people ‘bastards’ when you are ten years old! It’s not that complicated! If it even happened!”
“‘Children are to be seen and not heard.’ ‘I know you are a pain, but you are not a window pane!’ Do you remember telling me that, all the time? And when I came to visit you in Albuquerque, on that campaign trail, and you had no time at all, you propped me up on the bed with soda cans, pointing me at some ridiculous movie preview channel which looped everything, over and over!”
“Men are busy, son ‐ what can I say?”
“You took my childhood, but I took your soul!”
This ferocious statement hung in the air, and seemed like such a non sequitur that it even stopped Louis in his tracks.
“Do you know why I insisted you get frozen, dad? I’ll tell you – I’ll tell you why you are here at all.” Louis’s lower lip jutted out. “You are here because I wanted to damn your soul. You are here because you were heading towards some kind of – mealy‐mouthed reconciliation, some kind of half‐apology that I was supposed to nod and smile at. You were facing the great beyond, and it made you feel small, and it humbled you, and I would be god damned if I would let you try to make amends to me because of death, because of your own fear and smallness, rather than because I meant anything to you at all! I wasn’t going to be some emotional tampon for you. So I – diverted you, gave you an out, an opening, so your greed for life and dominance would flow uninterrupted, and you wouldn’t puke your guilt and fear all over me! And – and death would set you free – you would never be judged – except for goddamned politics! You would never have to look in the mirror, and see who you really are! Welcome to judgement day, dad!”
Louis’s eyes narrowed. “And then you followed me, you followed me here, through that doorway…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 400
Jake laughed harshly. “I did! I did.” He smiled painfully. “Death is terrifying, right dad? Maybe I wanted to wake up older than you, like I was your father, and boss you the hell around!”
Louis gestured at the massive white amphitheater. “I’m actually glad you finally found some – friends.”
Jake shivered. “Yeah. Who will judge me in turn…”
A bitter humour seemed to be passing between the two men, a strange ‐ alliance… The audience struggled to follow the emotional complexities like a child tries to follow Shakespeare. A certain ‐ reconciliation seemed to have occurred.
“I’m still not continuing,” said Louis loudly, to the Judge.
“I will not take your statement before advice with counsel.”
Louis shook his head. “I waive my right to advice – I will say no more.”
Judge Peters said: “That is your right. Sentencing will occur tomorrow. Within a few days after that – assuming the prosecution is ready – the trial of your son will commence. You will be called as a witness, and you will return.”
“I will not.”
“You do not have to defend yourself, but you do have to be here as a witness.”
“You see, this is where your society fails. I don’t have to do a god damn thing!”
Judge Peters nodded slowly. “That is true. Do you have anything else to say?”
Silence.
“Cornelius, do you have anything to say?”
Louis said: “He’s fired.”
Cornelius shrugged. “Well, then I guess not.”
“Well then,” said Judge Peters, “Mr. Staytin, your punishment will be to appear as a witness at your son’s trial. Please note that is not the totality of your punishment, but it is the first requirement.”
“I will not come. Drag me here, I will not speak. Lock me up, I hold my tongue. I’m not lifting a damn finger to help him.”
Jake’s body sagged. “Dad, we are the only people left from the – old world. We are family. What are you doing?”
Louis turned to him scornfully. “Oh, now we are family. Come on, why on earth would you want to hang around with someone who you say beat your tender little head against a doorframe? Who abandoned
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 401
you, who neglected you – who abused you, left you with your little ducks? No, sonny, you don’t get to have it both ways. Don’t pretend you didn’t know this was coming ‐ that’s probably why you held your tongue all these years…” He laughed bitterly. “All these – centuries. The universe could have wound to its demise without any of this crap coming out, but you had to break silence. Okay, you had your say, now get the hell out of my life!”
“Dad!” Jake’s voice was agonized.
“This is why there was silence between them, all those decades…” said Alice.
The Judge did not admonish her, it was clear that the formal proceedings had long concluded.
He said: “So, Louis, you are determined to avoid your punishment?”
“I am. You do not recognize my Presidency, I don’t recognize this court.”
The Judge paused. “Very well. Cornelius, please instruct the DROs that Louis Staytin is now ostracized. Just so you know what this means – I’m sure it has been explained to you – you will no longer be able to enter into any contracts in our society. You will not be able to rent accommodations, buy food, use roads, get energy, access transportation – until you fulfil the requirements of your sentence. Do you understand what I’m saying?”
Louis ignored him, and turned to the floating cameras. He spread his arms wide.
“My fellow politicians, my brothers in statism – you see the ridiculous injustice I’m being subjected to, condemned for the ravings of an old man about an imaginary childhood 600 years in the past. I am a scapegoat, I am the whipping boy, the Socrates and Jesus of this kangaroo court! In my day, in my country – as may be the case in yours – we accepted those being unjustly persecuted as political refugees, and I cast myself to the wind in this way. Rescue me from this abomination, and we shall see what we can do…”
He did not finish his rather sinister sentence.
“We have extradition treaties,” said the Judge. “Also – not sure how you get to another country without any access to transportation.”
“So – where the hell do I go?” demanded Louis.
“Out into the night,” said his elderly son in a sudden, powerful whisper. “You bastard!”
Louis turned to him. “Oh, this is the poetic justice, the tidy little ending to our sordid tale – ‘Oh, look at my dad, going out into the night, like I tried to when I was a little boy.’ Well, fine! I came into this world naked, I don’t care if I go out the same way! I can go into the woods, into the mountains – I was a Boy Scout – hell, I can go walk into the ocean as far as…” His voice wobbled slightly. “I will be fine. I would rather live in a hole than in this sanctimonious – cathedral of pompous self‐worship!”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 402
Chapter 46
I have lived with mental muttering my whole life. I chafed at everything, from the very beginning – I was probably a tumbleweed of spikes in my mother’s porcupine womb.
I was sent from the city at dawn, out into the wasteland. I almost imagined that they would provide a damn pillowcase full of cookies, but they were generous enough to give me a backpack full of rations, a walking stick, and a flask of water. And a map – paper, if you can believe it.
They did something miraculous to my joints and muscles – the slow claustrophobic aching of old age was gone – completely – my knees felt as springy as a trampoline, and my back – well, I didn’t even notice it, for the first time in – I don’t know how long. Literally, I actually don’t know how long, no one actually told me in any great detail how long I was frozen – 500 years is too rough an estimate, too convenient a number.
I refused to look back at the shining slender spires of the city behind me. I had spent the last few days scouring digital resources on how best to survive in the wild. I couldn’t buy a damn thing, but Cornelius was able to get me a few resources, some matches, and wires for traps. He only did me this kindness in order to try and talk me out of my decision. I told him it was better to rule in hell then serve in heaven, and I would literally be damned if I would take – if I would let Peters control me through ridiculous judgements.
I was not allowed to see my son – unless it was to testify against him in his upcoming trial – but I didn’t really care. He had brought my worst nightmare to life – accused me, humiliated me – in front of the whole world, for all time. The mixture of contempt, horror and pity in people’s eyes – well that was my weapon, not to be handed to strangers against the well‐being of the family!
Break those bonds, they stay broken…
And the idea that I would go and lecture foreigners about – peaceful parenting – you might as well demand that I go and instruct their military leaders on ‘huggy wars’! I would spend the rest of my days trying to lecture my resurrected father on seaside peace – no thank you, not at all.
I’m glad to be back – I’m glad to be alive. The vitality I feel, the adventures ahead – and the blessed absence of others – all fills my heart with shiny singsong joy.
I know I am repeating myself, but I never liked people. I had affection for their utility – I suppose a farmer has some affection for his livestock – but their constant neediness and lying repulsed me. Ahead, there is only wilderness, and animals, and a star‐pierced night sky – and others, perhaps, like me. People who don’t need others, who I won’t have to control, and who might give me my first taste of actual human companionship.
I am damn cold my first night. I find a cave, at the base of a range of mountains that slope gently up to a white‐capped sky‐piercing summit. Going in, I am reminded – the words from The Hobbit, the
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 403
description of the cave, pop into my mind for the first time in – almost forever, and I feel an ancient Celtic thrill of exploration, of rawness, of cold and nature and rock and the absence of excuses.
I go to sleep so early – and so deeply – that it feels only a moment before I am awakened by angels…
The faint light could be sunset – but then I realize it is coming from the wrong horizon, and that it is dawn, and smiling floating pink cherubs swirl all around me.
I am gripped with strange fevered exultation – the confirmation that I am in heaven, I have been judged, and I have won! I have not been cast down, I have been set free – the wilderness is paradise, and hell is the city!
“Who are you?” asks a gruff voice. A gray‐haired man with a sun‐creased face enters the cave.
“A refugee,” I say, struggling to my feet.
“Holy hell,” says the man, holding out his hand.
Two young men come into the cave – one of them carrying a little blonde boy. “Who’s this, dad?” the older one asks.
“One of us, sounds like,” says the old man. “My name is Roman.”
“Louis,” I reply, shaking his hand. “When did you die?”
He stares at me, goggle‐eyed. “Where – where do you think you are?”
I laugh. “Well, I know I died, a long time ago – and then I was judged, and then – and now – I wake up in a glorious sunrise, surrounded by angels!”
The two young men look at me uneasily, and take a step back.
Roman said: “You’re not dead.”
“I understand that, I went to – Sunday school, when I was little. Eternal life, new life, born‐again. We can never perish.”
“Boys, wait outside.”
The two young men back out of the cave. A pink angel follows the one holding the little blonde boy, its white wings thrumming faintly.
Roman looks at me sympathetically. “When did you last eat?”
“Last night. I’m not hungry.”
He nods slowly. “You – ate.”
“Yes, as I said.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 404
He looks at me for a long moment. I smile back.
“Nice boys,” I say pleasantly. “You’ve clearly got them under control.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well – obedient. You say go, they go.” I raise one hand, make a fist, and pound it into an open palm.
Roman’s eyes narrow. He takes a deep breath. “You were convicted of – child abuse.”
“No!” I cry. “No, absolutely not! I was not convicted, I was never convicted. I pled the Fifth. Held my tongue. Kept my secrets.”
“But that’s what you were charged with.”
“Yes. Yes.”
Roman nods slowly. Gears are grinding, he is making a decision.
“Did you abuse your child?” he asks finally.
“I wouldn’t have, if the world hadn’t changed…” I lean forward conspiratorially. “Come on, you’re a strong hearty old soul – there must be a lot like you, many out here I think. Let’s get overseas, tunnel if we have to – I’m joking – they are all so soft here, ripe for the pickings, we can come right out of the ocean, yank them up out of their seats of power. I was a military commander, you know, in my day. Why should we – eat acorns in the wild, while they grow soft and fat with their virtual helmets. We are men, they are children…”
While I am speaking – I cannot read his face, this curse of the future has escaped the city with me – I see his eldest boy at the mouth of the cave – to the left of his father’s sturdy shoulder – and the blonde boy is rolling his eyes at me, and rotating his finger around his temple in the universal signal: he is insane!
The alliance is shattered, the angelic peace splinters, and I stride forward, raising my fist.
“DON’T DO IT!” I scream at the terrified boy.
The gathered angels turn on me as one. Electric light burns my eyes, and…
And I awaken, again.
Cold…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 405
There is a dead rabbit on the ground beside me, a dying fire flickering. My eyes fill with tears at the kindness. I roll on my back. It is a sunset this time, and the red light highlights the tiny mountains above me, the rough wall of the cave roof. It is like frozen lava, hanging over me.
The angels are gone.
I sit up on my elbows, wincing at the electric ache.
I turn to look out the cave – the path stretches away down to the low lands, the height of the trees scaling up as the earth lowers. I see many footprints outside the cave – empty now, unless ghosts stand there still.
I get up.
I’m not hungry.
I walk outside the cave.
In the blue horizon depths of the evening, the wail of an animal startles nothing, moves nothing.
I feel that I shall never sleep again.
I have never felt more alive.
I am free of people.
A chill breeze flows down from the uplands, rolling down from the blinding white of the sky‐piercing peak.
“DON’T DO IT!” screams my father’s voice.
I laugh. This is the opposite of an ocean.
They say ‘from dust to dust’ – not with me though. I came from ice, I can return…
They are not tears, just my eyes reacting to the ice.
I pick up a walking stick, turn to the dizzying white height of the mountain, and start to climb – getting colder, it seems, with every step.
I’ve always loved being at the top.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 406
Thank you for reading my latest novel – 40 years in the making!
If you have enjoyed this work, please support the author at:
www.freedomain.com/donate
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 407
