Chapter 21
When they left the asylum, Roman shuddered in the steepening light of the setting sun.
They climbed onto the waiting sky‐taxi. David settled into his white pew.
Roman paced back and forth. “I’ve got to get out of this – city,” he said, almost snarling.
“Yeah, I’m not gonna argue with you there,” said David.
“You know you’re going to have to come and live with my tribe for a while, after this, right?” said Roman.
“The thought had crossed my mind,” said David. “If you’re not convinced after your tour, then yes, I will come with you, although at the moment I think it’s a little bit more likely that you will join at least the outskirts of the Civ than I will paint myself blue and run half‐naked through the woods.”
Roman grinned. “Whoever said ‘half’?”
David laughed. “It’s been a while since I went dive‐walking, let’s do that.”
“Do you like being confusing?”
David clasped his fingers together, turned his palms upwards and stretched his shoulders. “The nano bots create a bubble that surrounds you; they provide air and motion, and you can travel underwater wherever you step and look at.”
Roman shuddered slightly. “I’m not a huge fan of deep water – how deep can you go?”
David shrugged. “As deep as you want, you don’t have to worry about pressure or the bends, the air stays constant. And it will be earlier in the day there, we’re chasing the sun.”
Roman swallowed. “And how – how often does this – diving go wrong?”
“It hasn’t happened, to my knowledge – and I would be the person who would know, since I insure all this stuff.”
The older man shuddered. “And what about – the beasts and creatures and – squids and sharks and those creepy things with the little skylights over their demon eyes..?”
“No complaints, it’s too weird for them to do much but run away – or swim away, sorry.” David leaned slightly towards the older man. “But I thought that living in the woods made you tough, with skin like tree bark and hands like granite. Surely a few bubbles and some little fishies aren’t enough to make you faint, right?”
Roman waved him away. “You’re such a woman.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 172
David laughed, brushing his hair back. “More of a mermaid, in this case. Are you coming, old man?”
They took the sky‐taxi to the coast, over the barely‐visible submerged houses in the swamps, where David explained that some people were fascinated by Cyprus roots and alligators, and loved the view from just below the surface.
“It has kind of turned out, in our state of freedom – or statelessness – that people are, in fact, quite mad in their obsessions. My daughter is fanatically into lizards – or, worse, now she’s all about the ducks. That stuff tends to wane as they grow older, but some people just – keep their obsessions, sometimes for their whole lives.”
Roman did not respond to this snippet of information, and David intuitively understood that the older man was on a mission, and chit chat just blew past him like leaves in the wind.
When they got to the seaside, Roman stared at the squat houses on tall stilts.
“I guess you get quite a tide here,” he said, gesturing at the spider‐like structures.
“I think so, but that’s not why...”
He trailed off as one of the houses stretched its legs, and smoothly lumbered off down the coast.
David smiled at an inside joke. “Mobile homes,” he said.
“Those are the laziest nomads I have ever seen in my life,” murmured Roman in wonder.
At a seaside shack, quaint in its ancient wood and red‐and‐white striped overhanging canopy, they rented the scubbles – scuba bubbles – from a slow‐moving – and even slower‐talking – bearded man in dreadlocks.
As they walked towards the surf holding the bright yellow rings of their scubbles, Roman scowled.
“Druggie,” he muttered. “Total degenerate. Every now and then, we have one of those in the tribe, they get addicted to mushrooms or peyote, like your VR‐addicts I guess. It’s pitiful, wanting to run away from reality – they become loud, useless, self‐important fools who think they are wise, when they are just delirious and distracted and dumb.”
David pursed his lips and nodded. “Addiction is very rare here, because – I’m not talking about your tribe – but in history, in the Old World, addiction was just self‐medication for the trauma of child abuse – and the adult abuse called ‘politics.’ Maybe that happens where you are, you can let me know, although we probably have different standards for what constitutes…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 173
David was distracted by a flock of slow‐moving pelicans winging their way above the waves. He watched them pass, then shook his head slightly.
“Anyway, we solved the problem of addiction by improving childhoods. In the past, the addict wasn’t trying to feel happy – he was just trying to feel normal. Me, I’m a happy guy in general – today has been a bit unusual, but overall I’m a very positive person.” He held a flat hand up in the air as they stepped into the slowly‐rolling seawater. “I have a happiness level of about a hundred – people traumatized as children have happiness levels of maybe twenty. When they take a drug, it raises them to maybe a happiness level of a hundred and ten – a ninety‐point difference. Then, when the drug wears off, they crash down to a happiness of maybe minus twenty, which is a kind of agony for them. But what they have done – what they have tasted – is what it’s like to be normally happy. It’s like someone with chronic pain – he doesn’t take a painkiller to get high, but just to feel normal, not in pain. So – the addict starts off miserable, but he doesn’t really know that he is miserable, he just thinks that misery is just the human condition, or something like that – and then he takes a drug, and he feels normal – or slightly better than normal – and then he crashes down to a real misery, which reveals to him that he’s been miserable his whole adult life, maybe his whole entire life. So he tries the drug again, because the horror of his own misery has been revealed to him, because he had a couple of hours of feeling normal. But the drug doesn’t get him to a hundred and ten anymore, maybe it only gets him to ninety‐five, and then he crashes down to minus fifty, and that’s where the cycle comes from. They are just trying to feel normal, and they end up half‐killing themselves...”
“God!” exclaimed Roman, leaning into the salty waves. “Do you have an explanation for anything that doesn’t come back to ‘Oh, I had such a bad childhood!’? Talk about obsessive, you’re like someone who wants to live underwater and look up the ass of an alligator all day! Trauma?” He spat. “Hell, it’s just a matter of weakness, a lack of self‐control, a lack of acceptance of the responsibility of being a damn adult! People aren’t delicate little broken flowers from bad childhoods – they make actual decisions in the here and now – and sometimes those decisions are terrible, and stay terrible, and just get worse! People fall into self‐indulgence, they terrorize everyone around them, they demand happiness without having to earn it, and everyone else has to hold them up and keep them going and feed them and wipe their asses! Sometimes people are just pieces of crap, waste material in life, useless eaters, an insult to bipeds, sentimental garbage trying to drag everyone down with them! Everyone and everything here seems like some kind of pitiful handwringing bad mother, useless in her emotions and demanding forgiveness for every bad imaginary thing she ever did!”
The sky‐taxi had taken them far enough west that the sun had climbed back up from the horizon, like a strange blinding orb that rose in the West. Roman’s face was a mask of contempt and hatred – against the white‐capped churning waves, he looked like an aging God of the deep, enraged at being summoned to the unfriendly air.
David took a deep breath. He was not alarmed by the older man’s rage and strange eloquence. He knew it was a bomb that had to be defused indelicately – because any delicate handling was more likely to make it go off even more violently.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 174
He nodded, strapping the scubble to his waist. “It does seem quite mad, I agree. In the Old World, people thought that dysfunction was caused by radio waves, bad food, fluoride, chemicals, sin, racism, sexism, you name it. In the ancient world, Aristotle thought there were four layers of elements.” David swung his hand in levels up from his chest. “Earth, water, air, fire. Fire leapt up because it wanted to rejoin the fire element – water flowed downhill because it wanted to rejoin the water element, you get the idea. It all got very complicated, as you can imagine, because there are so many exceptions to those rules. It was even worse with the motion of Mars – or the retrograde motion of Mars. The ancient astronomer Ptolemy thought that God made everything go in a circle, because a circle was a perfect Form, in the style of Plato. So – the orbits of the planets had to be circles, with the Earth at the center, of course, because that’s what it feels like. But the Earth is the third planet out, and sometimes Mars seems to swing back in the sky, as the Earth accelerates faster around the sun. So they created this crazy set of calculations – pages and pages – in order to figure out where Mars was going to be. But sometimes, you know, when things get too complex, it’s because you’re missing the one central variable. Put the sun at the center of the solar system, you only need one calculation to know where Mars is. Make the gravity of mass constant, and you don’t need four elements and atoms that yearn to recombine with some fantasy layer cake of Platonic perfection. Make the speed of light constant, and you unlock the power of the atom. All this is, I daresay, elementary – and I apologize for that dad joke.” David pointed at Roman. “And you have this – belief, which you think explains something, called ‘free will,’ but what does it really explain? It’s circular. ‘Why did this person do something bad?’ ‘Because they chose badly.’ No additional information is added to the equation. Obviously they chose to do something bad, but putting a kind of random ghost into the center of the meat‐packet we call a body doesn’t explain anything, any more than saying that God created the universe explains where the universe came from – or saying that God gave us moral commandments explains morality!”
Roman scowled again, working his yellow straps. “But any time…” He took a deep breath. “Anytime you say that a man’s decisions are caused by something before, you are just setting up a series of slabs that fall over because of the one behind it. There is a magic mystery at the center of the soul; you can’t explain why people make decisions any more than I can, because that is the whole point of free will. We hang in the balance, we look down the path – or paths – of every outcome we can think of, and we strike out in some direction, based upon – what? You say a bad childhood, I say that strips us of free will. We are not slabs, we are free souls!”
David cocked his head slightly and spread his hands. His sandy hair suddenly blew back from his broad forehead, as if startled. “Hey, I’m a free will guy – one of the main points of the Civ is to restore free will to the center of the mind. We have spent about a century clearing away all the rubble that gets in the way of free will. If a kid grows up hungry, he ends up stunted. Maybe he doesn’t get to play basketball, because he is shorter. So – because of the deficiencies in his childhood, his free will is limited, because he can’t choose a sport that requires good height. Or maybe his bones are more brittle than they could have been, in which case he has to take supplements and exercise more – which also reduces his choices, to not do those things. Children raised well and reasonably can make choices without being coerced by the unconscious avoidance of trauma – or be susceptible to addiction or promiscuity or ill health or brutal relationships. We are trying to clear away all of the impediments to free will, so children
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 175
grow up with a full view of their opportunities – rather than a train track or a couple of narrow passageways left over from the collapse of – their lives, sorry, that analogy kind of got away from me.”
Roman scowled, fidgeting with his straps. “Yeah, it’s just that kind of looseness that turns my stomach! You keep your explanations, I will retain my firm belief in the narrowness of the path of virtue. You can spin off into infinity with all the choices you want, I will stay to the straight and narrow path of goodness.”
David took another deep breath, then said: “Just squeeze the ring.”
The tension suddenly left the argument as Roman tightened his grip, and the water scudding past his calves parted suddenly, blown expertly back by a bubble of expanding nano bots.
David smiled. “Go on – take a step!”
Roman swallowed, and David could see the ripple of muscle as his jaw tightened. He took a tentative step forward, and the water parted ahead of him, and drew in slightly behind him.
Roman said: “What about the sand?”
“The bots only blow back against water. They will make the sand a bit more firm, but it won’t disappear under your feet.”
“And – light? I don’t know how deep we’re gonna go…” He shivered, staring at the churning darkening ocean. “God help me, but it gets pretty dark… down there.”
“The bots know where you are looking, they’ll shine light in that direction if it gets dark – when.”
“And we’ll be able to – talk?” asked the older man uneasily.
“Sure, sound travels hundreds of times further underwater than in air – don’t worry, I know that it would be tragic if you couldn’t hear the sound of my voice for even a minute or two...”
Roman responded only with a guttural growl. Taking a deep breath, he strode into the water. It parted before him as if he were the central protagonist in a tiny prophecy.
Chapter 22
Roman visibly shuddered as the foamy water churned over his head. He doggedly continued on, walking along the sand, until the bottom gave way to rocks and coral.
He started when he heard David’s voice in his ear.
“So – pretend you are walking level, or climbing slight stairs, and the bots will adjust the floor for you.”
“What, they can read my mind?” Roman was panting with stress.
“No – they read body movements, and know when you want to walk level or climb, or go down.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 176
Roman tried walking as if there were an invisible path under his feet. Sure enough, he felt a foamy surface appear under the soles of his soft shoes. He took a deep breath, feeling dizzy and slightly nauseous.
“I am where no man should be, doing things that no man should do…” he muttered.
David grinned and gave him a thumbs‐up. “And you could live to over hundred and thirty, that’s the whole point of technology!”
Roman grunted, then noticed a distant long needle‐like object spearing through the water to his right.
“What the hell is that?”
David glanced over. “Oh, that’s a sharp‐ship, some aquanauts heading down to Atlantis, I suppose. They are quite mad about not disturbing the ocean, so they make their ships like needles, so they displace less water. And in answer to your next question, aquanauts are people who mostly live underwater. Sometimes it’s people who’ve lost the use of their legs, sometimes it’s people with brittle bones, and sometimes it’s people who just – prefer to live like fishes. You’re kind of old school, you should appreciate that – evolutionarily speaking, we were in the water long before we were on land, so they’re just – old, old school I guess. I’m sure they would give you long lectures about your adoption of the radical new technology called ‘land.’”
Roman scowled. “‘Atlantis’ seems a bit obvious. Don’t look so startled, we have some books.”
David shrugged. “They’re not the most subtle group – their anthem is an ancient song called ‘Under Pressure.’”
Roman groaned.
David continued: “They’re doing some amazing stuff though. Harvesting the heat of underwater volcanoes – did you know that the center of the earth is hotter than the surface of the sun? They are also resurrecting species that went extinct from the eighteenth century onwards, mapping the ocean floor, finding a truly amazing number of new sea creatures – one has an enzyme in its cartilage that really helped us eliminate cancer.”
“Did they grow gills?”
David laughed. “Some of them would like to, but no DRO will sanction radical genetic body manipulation.”
“Why not?” Roman grunted, staring at the blue‐shaded beauty around him.
“Well, the way it works – are you sure you want to talk about this now?”
Roman stared around him, at the rays of the setting sun spearing in soft shafts through the dark water. “Hell no, it’s all so – distracting…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 177
David nodded, and they walked on, down and down.
As the surrounding ocean shaded from blue to black, the two men saw a faint glowing line appearing before them, stringing down into the depths.
David gestured. “They use the bots to feed glowing plankton in a line, so no one gets lost…”
Roman said nothing. His shoulders were hunched, his jaw tight.
“Would you like me to go ahead?”
The older man shook his head, marching on. “We go together.”
Various strange sea creatures – attracted by the glowing lines – came and nibbled at the plankton. Tiny clear octopi, seahorses, slender eel‐like fish with fins on their heads, iridescent goggle‐eyed creatures with horns – and in the shadows beyond the glow, dim shapes of larger creatures swirled, lit up in tight spotlights by the lit gazes of the two men.
A large swimming beast cut across the glowing lines, scattering them.
“What the hell was that?” cried Roman, emotionally naked in his sudden alarm.
“Porpoise, I think.”
“Not a shark?”
“Don’t think so.”
Roman threw him a scornful look in the dark, as if to say: seems like something you should be more sure about.
David said: “You need to remember to breathe, everyone forgets that the first time.”
After a while, they walked down to a wide swathe of low buildings, shaped like enormous bubbles. Some of the curved roofs were covered in barnacles, and various sizes of fish swirled above them, hunting, fighting and fleeing. Others – as well as most of the passageways between them – had clear rooves, and people could be seen strolling through water in their scubbles.
David pointed down. “Follow me, the entrance is just down here. Get ready for the drying.”
“The – what?” grunted Roman – just as warm blown air began whipping around his hair, face and body.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 178
They walked through a glowing portal into a large room with a sign on the wall reading “Arrivals.”
A very pale young man greeted them – Romans eyes widened, because the young man seemed to have scales for skin.
David whispered out of the side of his mouth: “Sorry – I forgot to mention – some of them take underwater life very seriously.” He turned to the young man. “Hello Aqualung – I’m sorry I didn’t call ahead, but do you have any tables available for a late dinner at Beachside?”
The young man gestured, then nodded.
“Sure thing, David – great to see you again – and you, friend of David…”
Roman said nothing.
David said: “They have the best seafood…”
Silence.
The young man lifted a finger. “Follow me.”
They were led down flat wide corridors with clear lit views of the ocean above. The bellies of sharks and rays drifted by overhead; some scubble‐strollers wandered past.
They came to a restaurant with tangy sea‐salt hanging in the air. Roman and David were seated at a table laid on the bottom of an enormous clam shell. Overhead, luminescent letters traced through the dark water – birthday wishes, ecological reminders, anniversary greetings…
Seeing Roman’s wide eyes, David smiled. “Bots drop food for the glowing plankton to feed on, it spells out letters for the restaurant guests.”
Roman scowled. “Will we be served by a mermaid?”
“Do you want to be?”
“Only if she’s topless.”
“So – you are OK with robots if they show a little skin?”
“Ech,” growled the older man.
His face suddenly grew serious. “What if I died when we met, on the mountain. What if we fought, and I was vaporized, and all this…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 179
David nodded. “The ancient Norse warriors thought that their afterlife was Valhalla, where they drank mead, ate meat and fought for eternity. This – here – can’t be yours.”
Roman stared at him – it was a strangely intimate moment…
A floating jellyfish brought the menus. Roman stared at his, turning it over and over.
“What the hell – you said this place had great seafood.”
David blinked, then laughed. “Oh, sorry, that’s just what we say – food served under the sea. You won’t find any fish or shrimp here. Everyone comes to live in Atlantis because they love the sea – you might as well ask for meat at a vegetarian restaurant.”
Roman tossed the menu on the white tablecloth and scowled.
“Fine, just order for me.”
The jellyfish returned, picking up the menus in a few tendrils, while pouring water from others.
After David ordered for them, Roman picked up a knife and gestured at him.
“What the hell was that on the pale guy’s skin – scales?”
“Oh no. Some people here have talked about growing gills, but as I said, no DRO would ensure that kind of genetic manipulation – and without insurance, you can’t really do anything.”
Roman just stared at him.
David pursed his lips. “Okay, so DROs usually bundle health insurance along with contract enforcement and protection from violence. You can also buy divorce insurance, but we should talk about that another time, that’s quite a complicated one… Anyway, if you get sick, the DRO pays for all your current treatment and future costs. So – DROs only make money when the population stays healthy. In ancient China, you paid your doctor every month until you got sick – it’s similar to that. So we are pretty obsessed with keeping people healthy – if you eat well, exercise, get sunlight and regular blood work, checkups, all the basics – you pay almost nothing for health insurance. If you gain weight, or your bloodwork shows that you are eating badly, or your muscle and bone mass decline, if you lose vitamin D, your health insurance costs go up.”
Roman scowled. “So you have to give over all of your private health information to some – corporation.”
David looked genuinely shocked. “I don’t know where you are getting your information from – some of your education seems a bit random to me – but there’s no need to insult me by calling my DRO a ‘corporation’!”
“It’s not?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 180
David leaned forward on the table. Behind his head, outlined in phosphorescent trails in the black water beyond the glass, were the words: “Happy Birthday Debbie!” A cheer and a song went up from a nearby table.
David’s voice was deadly serious. “Listen to me, Roman. Corporations were legal fictions invented by governments to protect the rich.” Seeing the older warrior’s tension, David took a soft step back. “It’s like – if you had a choice of two banks to hold your money – imagine you had money – and the first bank had a contract with you that if they lost your money, you would get all the private assets of the bank managers – while the second bank said that if they lost your money, they could just declare bankruptcy, and you couldn’t get a penny from anyone, the bank managers would get to keep everything! Where would you put your money?”
Roman thought for a moment. “Yeah, well, the first one, of course,” he said grudgingly.
David nodded. “Sure, right. The corporations in the Old World were these weird half‐person legal fictions that allowed corporate managers to take all the profits out of the business – while all the losses had to be eaten by the shareholders and employees. It was a one‐way street for money, and did more than just about anything to promote the rampant pillaging of the general population by the corporate managers. If you make money, you can become rich – if you lose money, you just declare bankruptcy or quit the corporation, and no one can touch your personal assets. It was quite mad, and had nothing to do with the free market – the free market should be driven by customers, not by legal activism on the part of the rich, the powerful and the political.”
“Why the hell did they do it then?”
David laughed bitterly. “Ach – the wealthy who make their money in the free‐market are always a challenge to governments. Governments always need scapegoats for their own inevitable failures, and they love to point at the wealthy, to strip‐mine the resentments of the less‐successful. They want to take the money of the rich and give it to the poor – but the problem then is that the rich don’t want to make much money, or want to leave for another country. So – they give rich people the legal protection of the ‘corporation’ so they will still want to make money, and stick around. And the media – one of the greatest benefactors of this ‘corporatism’ – constantly repeated that corporations were a feature of the ‘free‐market’ – when they were never chosen by customers, but rather imposed by governments. In fact, corporations would be specifically rejected by customers, if they had any choice – just as you wouldn’t put your money in a bank where the managers could keep their assets if they blew all your cash!”
David’s face was set, hard. “So no, Roman, we are not a corporation. We are what is called an ‘entity,’ which means that we are legally tied to each other as a body of business, but if the DRO loses money, and for some reason we can’t fulfil our contracts, I lose everything. Personally. My wallet, my house, my savings, you name it. People can sue me into oblivion until the end of time. My contract rating would be destroyed, no one would ever hire me as a manager again – so I have every incentive to be responsible with my customer’s Satoshis. It’s the same everywhere – I would never enforce a contract where the managers had no liability for losses. No one would. Anyway, back to health…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 181
The floating jellyfish returned with their food. The plates were giant oyster shells; meat and vegetables swirled in a dark green soup.
David picked up his spoon and fork. “Health is fascinating… We are invested in the health of our customers – literally, because we can’t make a Satoshi if they get sick. So we are very proactive about making sure they stay healthy – free assessments, personal trainers, Scans whenever they want – or whenever we think they need them, personalized blood‐dependent meal plans, you name it. It’s one of the main reasons why we can get people to 130 now. If someone gets sick, we view that as our responsibility, for failing to prevent it, so we pay. In the past, it was quite mad – when governments ran health care, they made money when people got and stayed sick – not when they were healthy. It’s the exact opposite incentive you would want for a true healthcare system. Back then, almost three quarters of illnesses were the result of people’s bad choices. Obesity was massive, if you’ll excuse the bad joke. Five percent of the population consumed half the healthcare resources. People got sicker and fatter and sicker and fatter, until – well, I’m sure you know what happened.”
Roman finally took a bite – the expression on his face was a clear advertisement for the wonder of the food.
“Mmmmm… Well… What if someone is born with some – defect?”
David nodded. “Life is risky, even for us. DROs are about managing that risk. People take out insurance for birth defects – the price varies on the genetic testing of course. If a baby is born with such a defect, the price of the care is paid for by the DRO.”
“Can they abort?”
“Abortion is a violation of the nonaggression principle. The only time you can use violence is in immediate self‐defense. At the same time, parents are not required to take care of their offspring – they can give them up for adoption very easily, if they want.”
“So – what do you do, put a gun to the head of the woman who wants an abortion?”
David shook his head. “You are talking about the problem of criminal violence. Usually, we peacefully torture people who use violence.”
Roman laughed grimly, his lined face lit from above by the electric blue lights of the glittering letters beyond the glass. “Peacefully torture? What the hell are you talking about?”
“We exploit – or hack – the wiring in the human mind that equates social ostracism with torture. You know this better than me – we are herd animals, pack animals; we couldn’t survive in solitude for most of our evolution. To be rejected by the tribe is a death sentence – you can’t protect yourself at night, you can’t hunt well, you can be easily circled by a pack of predators – and even if you survive all that, ostracism means genetic death – boom, end of your bloodline.” David tapped his temple in the dark. “That’s how we are wired – social ostracism triggers the same parts of our pain centers that are activated by physical torture. It’s like that horrible bargain in the Old World, when men were told to go
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 182
to war for the government – the rulers were smart, they knew how to make men do it – they simply told women to reject men who didn’t serve in the military. If enough women did that – and they usually did – then the lizard‐brains of the men performed a simple calculation: if the chance of being seriously wounded or killed in combat is less than the chance of failing to reproduce if I don’t go to war, then go to war I will!
“Access to society is a privilege, not a right. Technology reproduces the intimate knowledge that you have in your tribe about people’s habits and virtues. You know everything about everyone; you grew up together and see each other in every kind of situation – DROs reproduce that with contract ratings. If you keep your word, keep the peace, pay your bills, your debts – then everyone knows, and you gain all the rewards of living an honourable life. We are your tribe with better knowledge.”
Roman grunted, taking a sip of water. “So – no privacy – sounds like hell.”
David shrugged. “What privacy do you have? In your tribe, everyone knows everyone’s business. With us, in the Civ, you can have all the privacy you want – but it will cost you. You can shield your contract rating from everyone; that just means that people don’t know how honest you are, so they have to charge extra for doing business with you.”
“So – what do you do with murderers?”
“Prevent them. Good childhoods, Scans...”
“Murders must happen.”
“Yes. Yes, they do happen,” said David softly. “Even with great childhoods, and no obvious health problems, some bad wiring – or bad choices – does produce killers. It’s incredibly rare though.”
“So – what do you do with them?” repeated Roman.
“How about you? What do you do?”
Roman’s lips tightened. “We have a Tribunal, and if the killer is found guilty, he is put to death.”
“We don’t do that here. That would be a violation of the NAP, because it’s not a situation of immediate self‐defense. A murderer has no – economic standing.” David gestured at the distant invisible surface of the ocean. “Everything is privately owned in the Civ – except the wilderness, which was the origin of this conversation between us. Roads, sidewalks, sky buses, homes – land – it’s all privately owned, and when people sign contracts with DROs – which is the only real way to function in a complex society – they agree to never let convicted criminals use their property. If they do, they also get cut off economically – which means they can’t survive either.”
David’s darkening eyes grew dreamy.
“When you think of how much power a complex economy has over each individual – everyone needs to have a place to live – to buy food, water, energy, have access to the blockchain – it’s endless. Imagine
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 183
you have a sore tooth – you have to leave the apartment which someone sold to you – or rented to you – you have to be allowed on a bus, the dentist has to be willing to take your payment – it goes on and on, the amount of contracts that have to be fulfilled just for you to fix your sore tooth. In the Civ, no one will honour the contract of a convicted criminal – any contract at all. That includes his existing property rights, his house and jet pack or whatever – DROs will not enforce property rights contracts for convicted criminals, which he agrees to when he first signs up with the DRO. All of his property reverts to ‘unowned,’ which means anyone can have it – except him.”
David shrugged.
“He has no place to go, no place to stay. He can’t buy anything, use anything – everything he has is deactivated, and he cannot survive in the Civ...”
David took a deep breath, and turned to Roman.
“He has no choice – well, to be fair, he has one choice, other than to leave the Civ.”
A thought struck Roman – David could see it rise in his mind, and could see the older man viciously suppress it.
Roman put down his spoon and said, softly: “What is his one choice?”
“He can make restitution. What that restitution is can vary; it’s determined by the DRO with the victim’s family – or the victim, if he or she survived the attack. Conditional rights to participate in the Civ can be maintained if the criminal maintains the peace and pays restitution.”
Roman said: “How many – criminals – take that option?”
“Most do. Criminals always want something for nothing – the root of evil is the desire for the unearned. They don’t want to go and carve out a life in the middle of nowhere, they tend to be greedy and lazy.”
Roman said: “There are exceptions…”
David nodded. The jellyfish returned, but he waved it away.
He turned to Roman and spoke the truth.
“Yes. Your great grandfather was one.”
Chapter 23
There were deaths other than Jane – I seemed to belong to an unlucky caste. I occasionally wondered over the years why I was launched into life amongst a buckshot of tiny gravestones – it probably had something to do with the stress of wealth.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 184
In college, when I took a class on statistics, I learned about the bell curve – outliers, and regressions to the mean, you know. Our parents were remarkable – literally one in a million at times – and we were, as their children, likely to be above average, but nowhere near their level. A friend of mine’s father was a great singer, and my friend was also good at carrying a tune, but couldn’t silence a room like his dad.
We were the second generation, shadowed by the vain ignorance of our elders. When you succeed in life, it’s so easy to swell yourself by saying that you are responsible for all of your success.
Yeah, there is some willpower involved, some personal responsibility – but a very large chunk of it has to do with accidental factors; where you are born, who you are born to, what language you learn as a child, how much money is around, how attractive you are, what your health is like, your height, your hair – and your raw intelligence, which is mostly genetic, thanks mom!
Every kid I knew of a famous sportsman played that sport – and way above average, but not as well as their dad. Every kid I knew from a famous writer had seriously good language skills, but…
But the sports dads genuinely believed that it was simply grit and willpower and a commitment to training that got them to the top. They loved their lives, they wanted their kids to be happy, so obviously the kids had to live their fathers’ lives.
“Work harder” works if you have a massive amount of raw ability, programmed into your mind and body by the ineffable universe. A friend of mine was an underwear model – he went to the gym three hours a day, and refused to drink any liquids for two days before a photo shoot, so his skin would be paper‐thin over his rippled abs.
“Sure,” I said, “that makes sense, because you’re getting paid tens of thousands of dollars for that photo shoot – and because your genetics gifted you with a lean physique to begin with.”
A lot of my friends got sucked into that “willpower” stuff, and it was pretty tragic.
One friend of mine wanted to play football like his dad, and began using steroids at the age of fourteen, because he just didn’t have his dad’s natural bulk.
We were both dirt‐bike fanatics – not motorized, just pedal. As he grew in size, he shrank in stability. We liked doing cool tricks on our bikes, but his tricks got more and more deranged, until I really began to fear for his safety. I remember biking out back of a factory once with him, and he just pedaled his bike right off a wall about 6 feet above the ground. He made it, giving a crazy‐eyed whoop, having no idea how lucky he was it seems.
The steroids drove him crazy. One night, we were biking back to our neighbourhood, and I had to swerve to avoid a rock on the sidewalk.
“You cut me off!” he snarled at me.
I’ll be honest – I was kind of intimidated by his size and temper, so I had been deferring to him for a couple of months – but I’d had enough.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 185
“You were tailgating!” I shot back.
His eyes widened in the dark, and I realized how black they looked. His veined biceps looked like giant lined sausages.
He escalated, but I refused to back down.
He demanded that we return to the rock and reenact the entire scenario in slow motion. That was too crazy for me; like another friend of mine, the daughter of a famous lawyer, who had a dispute with her friends about Springsteen concert tickets, and wanted to conduct an entire mock trial in her living room…
I sighed. “I’m not going back to reenact this stupid swerve, bro – you were too close behind me, so when I swerved, you almost crashed! That’s it, let it gooo…”
I insultingly put a little trill at the end of my voice, reminding him of a famous song for kids.
What can I say? I was pissed.
He demanded that I admit that I had cut him off.
I refused, insisting that the problem was that he was tailgating, and on and on it went, round and round.
It was my fault, really. He escalated because he was used to me deferring to him. My bad – I never did that again in my life…
He doubled down to the point of neck‐veined screaming, so then – I just got on my bike and rode away.
It was a strange and terrifying moment when I heard him get on his bike, skid around, and crank his meaty legs to pedal after me.
He was screaming with rage like a demon under a priest; my heart began to thump painfully in my chest.
He was a stronger biker than me – because of the steroids mostly – and so he began trying to drive his bike into mine sideways, demanding to know if he was still “TAILGATING!?!?”
It was a crazy desperate battle, really. About half a block from my house, I had to slow down, to feel for the keys in my front left pocket – and he almost rammed me into a tree at high speed.
I dropped my bike as soon as I got to our front lawn, and sprinted – dodging left and right like trying to evade a sniper – up to our side door. He came screaming and roaring up the driveway, aiming directly at me. I still remember – and my heart still pounds – at the memory of fumbling with my keys, trying jam the right one into the lock.
I yanked the door open, turned and slammed it shut, sweat pouring from my forehead, despite the coolness of the evening.
He pounded on the door maniacally, his puberty‐broken voice hoarse from screaming.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 186
Thank God no one else was home! And we had a big property.
I crept to the upstairs balcony, and watched through the plump stone pillars as he picked up his heavy dirt bike and threw it back and forth, sparks flying from the tarmac as the steel of his wheels hit the black of the driveway.
Eventually, he pedaled off, his wheels wobbling, bent from his raging impacts.
He tried to give my bike a kick as he passed, then squiggled off into the night…
About a year later, he called demanding that I return some football of his he claimed I had – other than that, I had no more contact with him.
I almost never saw him at school again – now, when I think back, I guess he kept seeing me first and avoiding me.
And then, about a year after high school, I read that he had died on a motorcycle – decapitated by running into a truck, because he didn’t stop in time.
Tailgating…
And people try to tell me that there are coincidences in life.
We can move on – that’s really the essence of power, leaving people behind without a second glance.
We all did that to Jane’s parents, because there is no conformity without enforcement. And it was amazing to see, it was the first real flex I had seen from my parents’ generation. No one was in charge – to my knowledge – no memo went out, no smoke signals drifted across the evening sky, but everyone silently agreed to exclude them.
Ostracism is the most powerful weapon in the known universe.
I think they knew it was coming; I think they knew the price of continued acceptance, and just weren’t willing to pay it.
It’s like my dad always said: if you want to be successful, just figure out the price of success – and pay it.
It’s the same with – integrity, I guess. If you want to have integrity, just figure out the price of integrity, and pay it!
I never quite understood their position, frankly. Talk about locking the barn door after the horse has left!
I mean, what is the point of blowing up your social relationships after your daughter has died – especially if you believe that some – toxicity in those social relationships was responsible for her death?
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 187
If your social relationships are okay, don’t blow them up.
If your social relationships have cost you your daughter, then don’t blow them up – for the simple reason that blowing them up only makes things worse!
If you find out that you can live without these ‘toxic’ social relationships, then you will just kick yourself forever for not separating from us before your daughter killed herself.
Once we take your daughter, we own you, like it or not.
I can respect anyone who bails out before disaster. I don’t have a shred of respect for people who bail out after disaster – it’s just a silly cartoon comedy, like a parachute opening after some idiot has fallen to his death.
No, they had to go – they made that decision, we simply respected it.
And where could they go?
Nowhere.
You find your tribe, you keep your tribe, or you end up all alone – with less than nothing, just the memory of something…
Because they were new money, Jane’s parents couldn’t go back to whatever trailer park they crawled out from under; they would just face endless resentments and spoken – or unspoken – accusations that ‘Oh, you think you’re better than us!’
God, what a pathetic and mealy‐mouthed statement!
Of course we think we are better than you! And guess what, Cletus ‐ people agree, that’s why we are wealthy!
Everyone talks about wealth like it just falls out of the sky and lands on some people by chance.
That’s not wealth – that’s meteors, and the lottery.
Wealth is hard to make, harder to keep.
Everyone believes that wealth buys freedom, but becoming wealthy generally requires really good social skills – the real money is always in networking, in negotiation – which means that you have to have a fairly desperate need for people to like you – because if people don’t like you, they won’t give you their money!
You get the money by being a people‐pleaser – and then you get a brand‐new social circle who knows exactly how desperate you are for their continued approval, because they’re the same way!
You can’t go back to where you came from, and you have to please everyone you end up with.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 188
We get power over you, because you need our approval – because we are all you’ve got now.
So yes, when you land on our doorstep, we own you.
Does that sound like freedom?
I suppose you could retreat to some ivory tower of naval‐gazing contemplation – you could buy a remote island and live off fish and sunlight – but those people are inconsequential to the world, who cares what they do?
You conform, or you are banished.
Chapter 24
I wake up suddenly, and feel wretched nausea churning through my innards.
God, I haven’t thought of my headless friend in decades, why is he haunting the carved channels of my memory now..?
The figure to my left has moved closer. I can’t tell in the gloom whether Jane has moved her chair, or is just leaning forward, her dark hair hanging over her eyes like a black awning.
What kind of insanity is this?
The chill, the nausea – it’s because I have just experienced a complete reversal of everything that is human.
The waking world is supposed to be sane; dreams are the toxicity‐release of nightly madness…
But I fell asleep, here – it feels that way, at least, I really have no idea what is going on anymore – and I walked through perfectly lucid memories, resurrected in my mind with electric clarity. Nothing went awry, no physics were violated, everything – and everyone – came back to life as if they were a movie briefly paused for a snack break. Gerhart stayed ostracized, my friend stayed dead, Jane stayed dead…
My waking life is madness; dreams are my only sanity…
Jane has been waiting for me in this room for decades. Everything I took from her, she will now take from me – and not for a week or a month, but for eternity…
You run from the lessons of your youth, then spend forever in regret for what you failed to learn…
But – would Jane want to punish me?
When I think of those who wronged me, in the past, I don’t feel much anger – some frustration, that I lost at the game of life, in part, but not real anger, because – because…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 189
Because Jane was pure…
Pure – what the hell does that mean? I interrogate the alien voice – and get another deep spinal chill, remembering that the voice exists in both my waking and my dream life – it can pass between the barriers of madness and sanity…
Unless my waking world is now the hell of walking through my history, helpless to change it – and when I fall asleep, I end up in this little room with the dead girl of my doing…
I try to move my arms – it is a violent attempt, but they barely seem to twitch.
Jane slowly raises her head.
I stare straight up, then close my eyes, hoping that she imagines I have drifted off back to sleep – the sleep where she is alive again, in her youth, before her step, her fall…
Jane clears her throat – and it sounds too deep, too guttural, almost like a hint of a man’s voice – and then a tear escapes my left eye as I remember that she hung herself, and is trying to speak through a broken neck…
“Welcome back,” she says – again, in a gravelly masculine voice.
The light in the room – I can’t find the source – brightens slightly.
Can a man cry in his sleep?
A deep anger grips me, at the idea of running from the dead.
If she has power in the afterlife, then so do I!
I open my eyes, turn my head – and see – and see…
Jane lifts her head, pulls her hair back – and – and, it is not Jane at all, but a man with a black beard.
Something faint is deep‐screaming in my ears as the man – did Jane have a brother? – puts his hand on my left arm, over the covers – and I am wildly relieved to feel the pressure of his palm.
“You made it,” the man says gently. “We welcome you.”
“Where – where am I?” I whisper – and feel another flood of relief that my voice seems to work.
The man says: “I have no idea how to answer that. You are not dead. You are where you paid to be.”
“What?”
The man nods slowly.
“Your name is Louis Staytin. You have recovered from a serious illness, and you have been out for some time. I am not a doctor – just someone – watching over you.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 190
I have memories of cheesy movies where men wake from comas and always ask the same question.
I will not conform…
But then I do.
“How long have I been out?”
The man stares at me for a moment. “It’s been a while, let’s take this one step at a time – literally. What do you remember last, before…” The man gestures at the room.
I swallow painfully. The man lifts a cup and gives me a sip of ice water.
“I – I can mostly remember my childhood, my – youth… And the word – was I – the President?”
The man seems oddly relieved, and nods vigorously. “You were – you were the President.”
I feel anger again. “Then I still am – you are never a former President!”
“That is true, my apologies,” said the man – and I find the phrasing annoying… He didn’t say that he apologizes, only that his apologies exist somewhere…
“I want – I want to see my wife, my children – why are they not here?”
The bearded man purses his lips. “Even with so long to consider your questions – which are perfectly sensible, and totally predictable… We need to establish your physical health before anything else. You are clear of the heart disease, I know that for sure…”
Heart disease…
A vague memory swims at the edge of my mind, like a shy shark.
A bald doctor – his wrinkles end where his hair used to be – telling me that there is nothing more to be done – that I can be made comfortable – but that there are still options – which confused me, and confuses me now…
“I feel – I feel disoriented, but all right. Why can’t I move my toes?”
“Oh, sorry.” The man made a gesture, and feeling came flooding back to my extremities.
“Wha…” I cry out with the sudden sensation.
“I’m doing this very badly, I’m so sorry,” says the man, half‐standing. “Let me get your family.”
My heart pounds in my chest – reminding me of that raging night with my friend on the dirt bike – and I remember being afraid of my heartbeat, in the past, near the – end.
The full‐body sensation overwhelms me, and I
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 191
dark
My eyes open at the same time as my door, the white door that leads to wherever…
My God!
My wife strides into the room, her handkerchief covering her mouth…
Chapter 25
Alice’s mentor was so ancient that it came to no one’s surprise whatsoever that his name was Adam.
Shortly after her confinement at the top of Smudge Mountain – and the resulting media firestorm that accompanied such a radically unusual occurrence – Alice decided what to do with her life.
She made an appointment with Adam, who lived in a cave – a cave with many modern amenities, but still a cave.
Adam loved the law – like many philosophers, because it’s the practical engineering of abstract reason, words made flesh and fist – and hated Plato so much that he actually went to live in a cave. It had high ceilings and endless bookshelves and could be sealed from the outside and cooled in the summer – and Adam had installed a fire which cast the shadows of hung shapes against the dark recesses of the cave, which he stared at while writing, to thumb his nose at the ancient Athenian totalitarian.
Adam had written the Basic Law, which was the template for most DRO contracts. He had completed it at the age of 55 – which seemed young for such a feat – but he argued that things seem endlessly complicated when you’re young – and also when you’re old – but there is a time of luminous clarity at the peak of middle age, when the world is written in universal laws, not petty specific details.
He only took in‐person visits, so Alice went out early one morning.
He boiled some mint tea and welcomed her.
“Adam, I think I have found my Bliss,” she said, without preamble.
He nodded slowly. “As a wizened old elder, I feel obligated – although it is kind of a cliché – to tell you that you never just think you have found your Bliss – you know.”
“You knew?”
“Mentoring? Oh yes. Although when I was a kid, it was called ‘teaching.’ But that word got into such disrepute, we couldn’t use it ever again.”
“How old are you?”
“140.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 192
Alice whistled – not just because she felt she had to, but because she wanted to show off a recently‐ acquired skill.
“So – you remember the Cataclysms.”
His face seemed to go slack, losing all animation. “I do. I’m one of the few.”
“Why are kids not supposed to ask about those – that – whatever they are?”
Adam shrugged. “You are smart enough to know that is an unfair question.”
Alice nodded. “You know that just makes kids more curious, right?”
“We know.”
There was a pause. Something skittered outside the cave opening, and Alice deeply inhaled the relaxing scent of the mint tea.
Adam said: “Your Bliss.”
Alice jumped up, as if electrified. She paced back and forth, her hands gesticulating.
“You know, I kind of got – touched by the Old World, in a way. I never felt it vividly – of course I can’t, I’m too young – but now I feel like – like an archaeologist, studying some ancient civilization, and the people who were dust come back to life, or something like that, I’m not putting it very well, but…”
Alice took a deep breath. She knew that it was considered extraordinarily rude to interrupt a child, so she felt in no rush to collect her thoughts.
“I had this all worked out in my head, but now that I’m talking about it, my thoughts are like a bunch of startled birds. I want to know about the law. I know we don’t have that anymore – my dad has explained some of it to me – but I want to know about the old law. The history of how things used to be. Tell me – Adam, do you think that we will ever forget how bad things were, and go back?”
The old man paused. “I’m not sure if that’s a rhetorical question.”
“Wasn’t that always the way, though, in the past, that disaster would follow disaster, and no one would ever learn anything for more than a generation or so?”
Adam nodded.
“Why didn’t they learn anything? Why did it have to get so bad? They had books and flat‐movies, and the hyper‐net...”
“Internet,” Adam murmured.
“Yes, sorry, Internet. They had access to every slice and dice of information at their fingertips, but they learned nothing! I know that when I was taken, on the mountain, with Emily, that it was a piece of the
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 193
past, cutting into the present – but I can’t shake the feeling that it could also be our future, and I’ve been researching some of these – cycles of history, and I guess I’m kind of worried that we’re just at the top of another cycle, and everything that was bad and old could become new and alive again.”
Adam nodded slowly. “You are not alone in that fear. The philosophers who founded how we live now spent a lot of time thinking about how to avoid that kind of – repetition. There was a big movement, towards the end of the Cataclysms, to go back to the land and give up on civilization completely, because people were so exhausted from civilization leading inevitably to – brutality and barbarism. Why build a tower just to have history knock it down? What’s the point of carving a whole civilization out of the brutal prehistory of the species, just to have that prehistory become the future, and swallow every city up whole? And the Christians in particular had a mission, to civilize the world as a whole, to bring their universal values to every corner of the planet, but this ‘caring about everyone’ was used against them. They wanted to help the helpless, so everyone pretended to be helpless to get resources, and the Christians tore their own arms off trying to lift the world, so to speak. They didn’t know enough – they knew just enough to make things worse – a constant problem in the past.”
Alice stared into her green cup. Old tendrils of historical air seemed to be leeching the heat from her fingers.
“Tell me about the law.”
“You know about the few historical nations that remain… Well, the whole world was like that, long ago. The land was divided into sections, and a tiny minority of people controlled the legal use of violence in those sections.”
Alice blinked. “The legal use of violence? But everyone has that, that’s self‐defense...”
Adam shook his head, his hooded eyes dark. “Oh no, precious child. This tiny group of people could initiate the use of force against their disarmed subjects.”
“Initiate?” echoed Alice, deep shock in her voice.
“Yes, that was the cycle… Rulers took money from people by force – more and more every year. People were oppressed by their rulers, until the rulers took so much money that they destroyed the economy, or the people rose up and attacked them – or both. And then the people would claw back some of the power of the rulers, keeping more of their own money. And then the economy would start growing again, the wealth of the region would increase, and the rulers would start taking more and more money – but the people had so much wealth that they could afford to pay off the rulers to be left in peace – until the rulers ended up taking too much money again, having too much power, controlling too many people, and then the collapse would begin all over again.”
“And how did the law – how did the law do this?”
“I don’t know if you’ve ever heard about fairytales…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 194
“Old stories about magic? I’ve heard of them, but I’ve never heard one.”
Adam grunted. “Good thing too. Magic always means madness, and we have finally found how to live in a sane world. Magic was the idea that certain words – magic spells – could change reality – like summon fire, move items, create illusions, disguise people, all sorts of mad stuff. Experts in this magic were called wizards or sorcerers or – or lawyers, as they were known later. Once upon a time, a ‘wizard’ could put a curse on you, and you would have to give him money to remove that curse, or keep it at bay. Later, people were threatened with hell, and had to give priests money to stay out of it. When the scientific revolution happened, and people stopped believing in magic, the people who were wizards invented a new curse called the ‘Law,’ and you had to give them money, otherwise they would use the ‘Law’ – a kind of magic curse – to put you in prison, where unbelievably terrible things would happen to you. In other words, when people stopped believing in hell, the wizards had to become lawyers – or politicians – and create ‘hell on earth’ so that their magic words could still get resources and obedience out of people.”
Alice shuddered. “Sounds like a madhouse.”
“Hey!” cried Adam loudly, startling Alice. He pointed a wizened finger at her. “Don’t ever do that, please – don’t insult asylums. It’s not madness, it wasn’t a madhouse – that’s like calling a zoo a madhouse for animals. No – it’s just a place where the animals are caged so that the owners of the zoo can profit from them.”
“Sorry about that,” said Alice. “You’re right. It wasn’t madness. But it’s all very abstract to me – can you give me a real example?”
“Sure, let’s start with…” Adam frowned, and Alice could almost directly see the old man’s brain sifting through the horrors of the past, to provide something composed of lesser horrors to her waiting mind.
“Okay – do you know what ‘counterfeiting’ is?”
Alice shook her head.
Adam got up to refill his tea. “Okay, well – in the past, there was no bitcoin, no blockchain. Way back, gold was money, because gold is limited and valuable, and can be used for more than one thing – money, of course, but also jewelry – and later, industrial production, just like now. You can divide gold into smaller pieces and it doesn’t lose value. You can also melt it and join it back together, you get the idea. Well, the rulers demanded to be paid in gold for most economic transactions. It was called a tax...”
Alice started. “Wait, what, every transaction?”
“Sure.”
Alice gestured helplessly. “What does that mean?”
“So – if you earned a thousand dollars, you had to give five hundred to the rulers, or be thrown into one of their torture prisons.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 195
“Five hundred… Why? What value did they add?”
“Well, they claimed to protect people’s property rights...”
Alice snorted. “How can they claim to protect property rights, while forcing people to give them money? That’s like a thief promising to keep your wallet safe by stealing it! Isn’t that – the wildest contradiction?”
Adam held up his hands. “Listen – I’m happy to tell you these things, but you’re going to have to check your outrage. You’re looking for reason, morality and consistency, but we are in the realm of sorcery here. The blackest magic. Have you ever tried to figure out the physics of your nightly dreams? You can’t – it’s the wrong standard completely. I will get to why people accepted this – but first we have to understand what they were accepting. Okay? Good.”
A rather hypnotic clanking drifted through the air, as Adam stirred his tea.
“Ten years ago, I wouldn’t have forgotten what I was talking about,” he murmured.
“The rulers stole gold from every transaction...”
Adam snapped his fingers. “Right, thank you. So – the rulers took gold, kept a lot of it for themselves, and then handed out some to their friends and relatives – and the enforcers, of course. The enforcers were the citizens willing to initiate the use of force against their fellow citizens for money. Yes, I know, I know. Outrageous. But that’s most of human history – almost all of it, up until the last century or so.”
Alice frowned. “I think I get it – I think I do, it’s very strange, but – I don’t quite understand why it was so unstable…”
Adam interlaced his fingers and pressed the heels of his hands outward. “Violence is never stable, Alice. Because the rulers didn’t add any value, but rather were taking value away, they had to create the illusion of value – otherwise the citizens would be – would get wise to the predation. So – what did they do? How do you pretend to add value, when you are just taking it away?”
Alice stared blankly, shaking her head slowly. “I don’t – I have no idea. Create – art? Build things?”
Adam smiled, a little sadly. “It is actually testament to the beauty of the modern world that you have no idea how any of this worked! Sorry, I forgot to put mental quotes around that – ‘worked.’ All right – the rulers could add gold to the economy in many different ways – they could borrow gold from bankers, or other rulers. Or, they could use less gold per coin, so that they might get a thousand coins, instead of five hundred, from the same amount of gold.”
“But – that’s not adding any real value, right?
Adam laughed. “Oh of course not – in fact, it’s just another kind of stealing. It’s hard for you to understand, because the number of Satoshis and Bitcoins cannot be increased, and no one controls the
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 196
entire financial system – but back then...” He whistled. “…things were very different indeed. If you could somehow magically double the number of Bitcoins, what would happen to the price of everything?”
“It would double,” said Alice instantly.
Adam snapped his fingers, pointing at her. “Exactly, perfect, that’s the kind of economic instinct that everyone has – unless it’s bullied and trained out of them. Yes, they inflate prices. However, it’s perfect for the rulers – when they double the number of coins, they and their friends get to spend those coins at full value, while people who get those coins later pay sometimes more than double for everything that used to be cheaper.”
Alice smiled with illumination. “Oh, and – and everyone would just blame the shopkeepers, rather than the rulers.”
Adam nodded. “Oh yes, obviously – the rulers would also blame shopkeepers, and threaten them for ‘price gouging,’ which was another curse invented to cover up the rising prices that resulted from the inflation of the money supply – of the gold.”
Alice shook her head. “But surely – but surely people would figure this out quickly, and know what was going on...”
“You would think so – you would think so now, for sure, because – well for about a billion reasons. But this is what no one understood, really, until much more recently – the rulers didn’t really rule over the people, the citizens, the working population. The rulers ruled over the children – everything else, every other disaster, was just a long shadow cast by that initial violent control over the young.”
Alice blinked. “I don’t know what you mean, Adam. The rulers – raised the children?”
Adam shrugged sadly. “It’s hard to strangle a thousand individuals – but if you can give them one neck between them all, you only have to strangle one. Sorry, that was a little inappropriate, and badly worded.” He took a breath deep into his creaking lungs. “The real enforcers were the teachers, which is why we don’t use that word anymore. There was a word called curriculum, which was the plan of instruction that every teacher in the region had to follow – or lose his job, or her job, later on. Once the rulers could define everything that the children had to ‘learn,’ millions and millions of children were all told the same lies.”
Alice jumped up, frustrated. “But – but kids are great at figuring out lies – you just told me that yourself, when I knew what happened to the prices.”
“Children are great at figuring out lies – they are original humans, blank slates, un‐gouged by the swords of the rulers. But even deeper than their capacity to detect falsehood is their need to bond with their parents – and it was that bond that was used to kill their capacity for honesty.”
“Can you – draw this out?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 197
Adam laughed. “No, you will get it in a moment. Look – for most of human evolution, food was very scarce – and there was no easy way to control fertility, so women had a lot of children. Children who displeased their parents would inevitably get less food, and were thus less likely to survive. Pleasing parents is absolutely necessary for survival – at least until puberty, when you get the ability to hunt for your own food. In other words: we imprint very strongly. The rulers know all about this, and use it to control the population. They take money from parents – by force of course – and use it to pay the teachers who lie to their children. The children get a sense of the lies – but if they push back against these lies, their parents get angry at them – partly because the parents were told the same lies, and partly because knowing the truth about an evil society can make you mad – but mostly because we evolved to please our parents, so we swallow the lies rather than stay honest. It’s hard for children to imagine that their parents willingly and voluntarily hand them over to liars working for the rulers. The children grow up defending the lies – which means defending the liars – which means defending the parents. Anyone who questions the lies is actually questioning the loyalty the children have to their parents – which means undermining their very capacity to survive. Cornered animals fight to the death; indoctrinated delusions do the same. When you raise children in unreality – through violence – they become reactionary and hostile to the truth. The lies form a kind of immune system for their insanity, making it impervious to reason and evidence. You, my dear, have been raised to honour and respect the truth, because we do things so differently in the here and now – but you are asking about the past, the lid of which I have opened.”
Alice’s face was pale. “It’s like a horror movie that never ends.”
“But it did,” said Adam softly. “It finally did.”
He shook off the imaginary spiderwebs of ancient history.
“But – back to counterfeiting. The rulers pretended to add value to the economy by creating money out of thin air. This was called ‘currency,’ and it was of course perfectly legal. To put it another way, the ‘law’ removed the curse called ‘jail’ from the counterfeiting of the rulers. Ah, but if you were a citizen caught watering down the money, you were punished with jail or maiming. To be more clear: the ‘law’ put a curse on one man for counterfeiting, but lifted that curse for another man who counterfeited, depending if he was a ruler, or the ruled. In fact – and you might not believe me, but I swear that it’s true – it could even be the same man, depending on whether he was a ruler, or – if he left the ruling class – a citizen. You could wake up one day with the ‘law’ keeping you safe, and the next day the ‘law’ would kill you.”
“How would – how would people know the law?”
“Oh, well, that was the black beauty of it all! Ignorance of the law was no excuse, but no one knew the law!”
Alice looked up, shocked. “What do you mean? The law must’ve been – written down, somewhere.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 198
Adam smiled grimly. “Oh, it was – in fact, it was written down everywhere! The ‘law’ was so lengthy, complicated and convoluted that not one single person – not even the greatest expert in the ‘law’ – knew the entirety of the ‘law.’” He ticked off his fingers. “There were laws for criminals, laws for businesses, laws for families, laws for taxation – another magic word to cover up the word ‘theft’ – thousands and thousands of laws, some of which contradicted each other – and each of these laws had language that could be interpreted any number of ways – by design of course – so that people were fully responsible for knowing the unknowable, and understanding that which could never be objectively explained. The ‘law’ was simply a permission slip for the rulers to use violence. The ‘law’ was an opinion with a gun.”
Alice swallowed. “This must – this must have been known, at the time.”
“Except for a very few, it really wasn’t.”
Adam spread his fingers and slowly spiraled his hands together.
“Everything which is centralized becomes corrupt. If you put power in the hands of a few people, those people will become corrupt – or, if they are somehow immune from corruption, they will be replaced by corrupt people, who will cheat them out of the power the most corrupt always want. Competition in the free‐market is the only antidote to the entropy – the inevitability – of human corruption. This is why we can never ever have only one DRO, or only one curriculum, or a central control of currency. Everything and everyone that is forcibly imposed on others degrades into rank corruption and evil. I mean – imagine if your father ran the only DRO – no, forget your father, at least in this example. Imagine that your worst enemy – one of the boys from Smudge Mountain perhaps – had violent control over the only DRO allowed to exist. Imagine that he controlled all the currency, and all the education of all the children, and could create any rule he wanted – and interpret those rules any way he wanted – and paid millions of enforcers to point weapons at anyone who disagreed with him. Imagine what a terrible and delusional man‐God he would turn into. Imagine how coldhearted and cruel and – inhuman he would become. Empathy is like a copper wire – put too much power through it, it just breaks. The power to initiate violence destroys the soul – which means only the soulless want to use it. The Old World was a giant invitation for evil to rule the good.”
Adam’s eyes had grown feverish, intense.
“If everyone is good, you don’t need rulers. If everyone is evil, you can’t have rulers, because that guarantees the rule of evil. If the majority of people are evil, you can’t have rulers, for the same reason. If the majority of people are good, you still can’t have rulers, because only the evil will want to have power over the good – which eliminates people’s capacity to be good, because you cannot be virtuous if you are ruled over by evildoers. There was no possibility that human rule could lead to anything other than rank and bottomless evil. These rulers were contained by disaster and revolution – for a time – but they always grew back, grew back their power over others, crushing freedom and productivity and virtue in their damn bloody fists. The only solution – the solution that was finally found – was the nonaggression principle, the ethics of universally preferable behaviour, and the peaceful and rational
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 199
raising of children. Tell me this, Alice: have you ever wanted to violently rule over another human being?”
Alice shuddered. “Of course not!”
“And the boys, on the Mountain?”
She paused. “They did, yes.”
Adam nodded. “Right. When society stopped ruling over children, we stopped raising children thirsty to rule over others.”
He snapped his bony fingers once more.
“We broke the cycle by accepting that no man or woman alive can handle power. We broke the cycle by convincing parents to stop ruling over their children, and so feeding the power of the rulers who repeatedly destroyed humanity for the past – tens of thousands of years. The solution was so simple that it took forever to realize!”
Alice considered his speech for a long while.
“I don’t see how parenting creates tyranny,”
“Not current parenting,” said Adam. “Why have you never had the desire to violently rule over another human being?”
Alice paused. “It would be – horrible.”
“Why? If you rule over others, you can get a lot of resources. Money, food, the thrill of obedience…”
“I can get my own resources, thank you very much. And I don’t think – I don’t think that seeing fear and subjugation in someone else’s eyes would be thrilling at all. It would be horrible, I would just imagine myself in their shoes, on their bended knees.”
“Right.”
Adam nodded in satisfaction.
“You know about painkillers, right?”
“Yes, my grandfather had a back problem, he took opioids.”
“Did he become addicted?”
“Not to my knowledge. I don’t think so.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 200
“Right, because he was raised well.” Adam stood up and paced slowly around the fire, like a strolling planet in a tiny solar system.
“I want you to imagine something. Imagine that mothers took a powerful and addictive drug during pregnancy – and fed that drug to their babies – not just through breastmilk, but directly. Then, imagine that the children were locked up in schools that continued to feed them this addictive drug, and it was everywhere in their life, as teenagers, as adults – it could not be escaped.”
Adam paused.
“In these circumstances, would you say that it was human nature to be addicted?”
Alice shook her head. “No. No, of course not. If it was natural, it wouldn’t need to be inflicted from the outside.”
Adam nodded. “If you took nomadic animals, and put them in a small field surrounded by an electrified fence – and within a few generations, the offspring of those animals no longer roamed – would you then say that it was the nature of that animal to remain in one place?”
“No.”
“Right. Humanity was confined, controlled, brutalized, for almost all of our evolution. And the purpose of all that trauma was to take away our humanity, to push us from the path of our natural evolution...”
“No,” said Alice firmly.
Adam smiled. “Go on?”
She pursed her lips. “If this trauma was common to all human evolution, then it was natural to us.”
“But didn’t you – just say that if it was natural, it would not need to be externally applied?”
Alice cocked her head. “It is – natural for us to use violence on each other, I think – that’s what the evidence you are telling me clearly shows.”
“Very good. Now we get to the essence of humanity, which is a very powerful thing. We will come back to the addicted babies, but let us talk now about justifications. Tell me – does the lion lecture the zebra before eating it?”
Alice smiled. “I’m going to go with a big ‘no’ on that.”
Adam narrowed his eyes. “Are you sure? Doesn’t the lion say to the zebra: ‘It is moral for you to submit yourself to my appetite, and it would be very selfish for you to refuse to give your flesh to feed my little lion cubs! Only the most selfish and evil zebras would run away, and force my lovely family to starve to death. Have a thought for creatures other than your own selves, my zebras, and surrender yourself to us!’“
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 201
“I must have missed that documentary.”
Adam smiled and spread his hands. “Between the lion and the zebra, it is an open game. The lion chases, the zebra tries to escape, and whoever wins – wins. There is no need to justify either the chasing or the running.”
Adam poured another half cup of tea. As his passion grew, he started waving it around – hence the need to only fill it halfway.
“However, human rulers feel a bottomless need to justify their power. Indeed, without that justification, ruling people is impossible. Everyone used to think that morality was invented because people were interested in being good – and, like most things in history, the exact opposite was the case. What was called ‘morality’ was invented to control and subjugate human beings. ‘Morality’ was defined as subjugation to virtue – and virtue was always defined as subjugation to the magic ‘laws’ of the rulers. Being a ‘good citizen’ always meant ‘obeying the law.’“
Adam paused, and Alice could see that it was taking him a moment to organize his thoughts, because there was so much to convey…
“As we are talking,” said Adam, “do you think you are getting any closer to seeing the modern version of the laws as your bliss?”
Alice nodded without hesitation.
Adam closed his eyes, deep satisfaction radiating from his wizened face. “Very well, now I will initiate you into the mysteries of history. In the past, there was a massive contradiction in all human societies, which had to be skirted around and evaded in order for those societies to pretend to function, at least for a while. The contradiction was the rules inflicted on children versus the rules the rulers obeyed. What was expressly forbidden to the children was expressly encouraged for the rulers! Children were told not to hit, not to steal, and never to use violence to get what they want – but the rulers threatened citizens with endless violence for failure to comply with their magic ‘laws.’ Children were told that it was deeply immoral to use violence – but the entire foundation of the entire society they lived in was based on violence – taxation, regulation, laws of every kind!
“Now, as you so wisely told me earlier, children have an amazing ability to detect lies – and in particular, when they become teenagers, to detect hypocrisy. A mother – and it was usually mothers, sadly – would hit her son for hitting another child, yelling at her son that it was immoral to hit.” Adam smiled grimly. “It was quite a brain‐twister, I can tell you – well, you can imagine! Parents would tell their children that it was immoral to use force to take money – and then would send them to schools which only existed because the rulers used force to take the money from the parents to pay for those schools! Teachers would tell children not to bully – the very same teachers who were happy to have their fellow citizens sent to jail if they tried to avoid paying the teacher’s salary!”
“They were almost like a – different species...” murmured Alice, her eyes wide.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 202
“I know what you mean, but try to avoid that kind of thinking – remember the animal in the tiny enclosure, losing its natural self to electric fences. It’s not a different species – it’s just a punished and controlled animal.”
“Okay.”
“So – children in the past were given strict, objective and universal moral values – the nonaggression principle and a respect for property rights – and then they grew into – and tried to live in – a society that only existed due to its complete violation of the nonaggression principle and the respect for property rights!”
Some tea slopped over the side of Adam’s cup. He didn’t seem to notice.
“How is this achieved? How is this possible? Well, an unholy bargain…” Adam shook his head slightly, then rose and started walking around the fire again. “Sorry, that means a very evil bargain – was struck, between the rulers and the parents. The parents acted as agents for the rulers by training their children to be useful citizens – more obedient tax livestock – while the rulers encouraged the punishment of any adult children who awoke to the rank hypocrisy of their parents.” Adam took a deep breath. “I don’t want you to think that this was conscious, or willed, or subject to a modern moral analysis – any more than we would blame a peasant ten thousand years ago for believing that the world was flat.”
Colour rose in Alice’s cheeks. “I don’t agree! In fact, I couldn’t disagree more strongly!”
“Yes?”
Alice rose in agitation. “Well, it’s one thing to talk about an ancient peasant, who walked on the world he felt was flat – and saw as flat – and had no scientific knowledge to think otherwise – but it’s totally another thing – another thing entirely – to inflict universal morals on your children, and then punish them for following – for acting as if those universal morals were in fact universal. That would be like teaching your children that the world was round, and then punishing them as adults for trying to navigate the world as if it were round! It’s a self‐contained hypocrisy – not a lack of knowledge or a narrowness of perspective. You don’t need access to any outside information to know that you are contradicting yourself – when you rankly contradict yourself between being a parent and being a – what was it, citizen?”
Adam nodded.
“Oh no, they don’t get off the hook, they don’t get off that easy!”
Alice shuddered, struggling to find the words.
“You’re literally standing over a child with your – fist – raised, punching – so horrible – punching your child while telling your child not to hit anyone, that hitting is totally immoral and wrong. That’s a bubble, that’s an island – I don’t know how to put this – but you don’t need any outside information to know that you are contradicting yourself – violently, literally, in this case! I don’t agree with this – lack of
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 203
judgement about the past. You’re suggesting that we do for the parents what the rulers back then did for the parents – create excuses, create bubbles and reversals and – eddies in the river of morality, where time goes backward and up is down and black is white and – no, I won’t accept it, I won’t accept it at all!”
Adam nodded slowly. “That time on the mountain changed you.”
“For the better I think!” said Alice fiercely.
“I don’t disagree.” Adam inhaled deeply through his nose. “I’m not ignoring your argument, but I would like to continue with mine, we can circle back later.” He tapped a forefinger to his temple. “It’s bookmarked.”
Alice did not sit down, and a smaller planet joined the small solar system as she strode with Adam around the fire.
“Go on,” she gesticulated.
“In many religions, the clerics had a similar bargain with parents. The parents had to deliver the children to the clerics to be educated in the religion – why would they do that? Well, one main reason was because the clerics – in most religions – indoctrinated the children in the belief that disobeying parents was a great sin.”
Alice held up her hand, frowning. “So – disobedience to authority was a great evil…”
Adam smiled. “Go on.”
Alice’s brow furrowed, and her hands traced the air. “Disobedience… The parents use violence against the children, while telling the children that violence is immoral – which means that the parents have carved out – or created – an exception to the rule that violence is immoral. In other words – those in power – those in power – the rulers are exempt from the moral standards they inflict – no, it’s even worse – it’s even more – the rulers are in charge because they must do – or can do – the opposite of the moral rules they inflict. It is immoral for the child to hit, but it is not just – permitted – for the parent to hit, but it is moral for the parent to hit. The child must not hit, but the parent must hit – morally. It is forbidden for the child to hit – but it is equally forbidden for the parent not to hit!”
“The child must not take property without permission, but the parent can take the child’s property without permission – just as the rulers can take the parent’s property without permission.”
“The child must not bully... But historically, parenting was bullying...”
Despite the grimness of the topics, Adam laughed. “Now it is my turn to disagree, because you are insulting bullies!”
“Insulting bullies?”
“When you were on Smudge Mountain, with those boys – were they bullies?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 204
“Yes, yes I think so.”
“Did they give you moral instruction?”
Alice thought long and hard. “No.”
“How did they exercise power?”
“They were just – bigger, and willing to use violence – ah!”
“Hence the illumination!”
Alice smacked a fist into her open palm. “Bullies do not lecture, they just inflict. Bullies don’t – don’t...”
“Justify.”
Alice pointed at him. “Yes, yes, that’s it! They are just bigger, and willing to use violence – ah, like the parents of old. The parents of old were bigger, and willing to use violence, but justified what they did on – the basis of – morality.” Alice scowled, drumming her fingers on her temple. “And this – led the children into the enclosure of the rulers, because size and strength and violence and hypocrisy were morality for them, as they had been – instructed.”
“Fantastic!” Adam clapped his hands, which seemed so old that they should have ejected dust from their palms. “Do you want to take a break?”
“Hell no,” said Alice in a rare moment of harshness. “I feel like I’m just waking up!”
“That’s the mark of the Bliss,” said Adam seriously. “Okay, imagine that you want to become the greatest thief in the world. One problem you face is that if being a thief is very profitable, more people will want to become thieves – but the more people who become thieves, the more society takes countermeasures against stealing, and the more hazardous and unprofitable the occupation becomes. If you break into someone’s house, you might get killed. People create locks and put bars on the windows and use biometric scans to activate their property and get dogs and put tracers on things – the list is endless. It’s a real cat‐and‐mouse game between property owners and thieves. Plus it can get kind of exhausting – in the past, you only got about one tenth of the value of whatever you stole when you tried to sell it. If you needed a hundred dollars a day to live, you had to steal a thousand dollars worth of stuff – old currency of course – and that got tiring and risky. No, to become the greatest thief in the world, you had to convince everyone else that stealing is wrong for them – but that stealing is right for you!”
Alice said: “I feel the urge to say that a scam like that would be far too obvious for everyone – but when I think about being hit as a child, that could really fry your brain, and it would be hard to make sense of anything after that…”
Adam said: “Well, childhood trauma creates physical damage to the brain. Your brain is undamaged, which is why you have such trouble taking modern morality – Universally Preferable Behaviour – and applying it to the past. Malnutrition makes people shorter – you can’t blame them for that. The brain
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 205
damage of child abuse – and most things in the past were child abuse – makes people crazy; that is the entire purpose of child abuse. How much can you blame them for that? Hit a robot with a wrench, it goes haywire, can you blame the programmer?” Adam raised his hands. “I know, I know – people are not machines, free will, determinism – I understand. But the reality is that people without self‐ knowledge kind of are machines! If someone genuinely believes that a question is immoral to even consider – if it is forbidden to their entire mental framework – are they free to entertain that question? In some existential, abstract way, we all say ‘yes!’ – resoundingly – but are they in practice free to entertain that question? If a man grows up a foot shorter because he was malnourished as a child, is he free to become a professional basketball player? In the abstract, yes – in the practical: not really. ‘Morality’ uses trauma to destroy empathy – and without empathy, there is no true morality. Parents hit their children because those parents are too traumatized by being hit themselves to question the virtue of hitting. And you can tell – there is always a tell – when people are traumatized, because they have to invent new words. ‘Hitting’ becomes ‘spanking.’ ‘Violence’ becomes ‘punishment.’ ‘Stealing’ becomes ‘confiscation.’“
“‘Indoctrination’ becomes ‘education.’“
“Yes,” said Adam softly. “And ‘indoctrinaters’ become ‘teachers.’“
Alice shuddered. “And ‘rulers’ become ‘protectors.’“
“Yes. And every time the rulers became too overbearing, too powerful, and crushed the life out of their societies, people responded with fight or flight – they waged war against their rulers, in the form of a revolution – or they fled the region. Both were very primitive responses, which only reinforced the power of violence. Everyone understood that fighting fire with fire only burns the whole world to the ground – the idea that you fight the power of the rulers by rejecting violence against your children was inconceivable to most people! If you raise your children with benevolent and valuable authority – with authority as a resource based on virtue and experience, which can help them navigate life better – then you sow the seeds of the modern world, of peaceful and voluntary Dispute Resolution Organizations. They begin to see the world in terms of voluntary contracts, not pretend‐virtuous brute power. Your father’s organization provides value to its customers, who are free to leave at any time – that is the source and sustenance of the value he provides. If you can’t leave, nothing can be any good.”
“But children can’t really leave the family – not back then, at least, before the Scans and DROs.”
Adam nodded. “But humans are a raise‐and‐release species. How would – how did people’s parenting change when they began to realize that society would no longer force their adult children to interact with them? If you worked for some coercive organization, some violent monopoly – but you knew that in a few short years, it would be turned over to the free market, what effect would that have on your work ethic, your desire to invest in your human capital, your desire to add real value to your customers?”
“Privatizing the family…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 206
Adam looked up sharply. “Where did you hear that phrase?”
“I don’t know…” murmured Alice. “It just – popped into my head. Although – my father once told me that DROs were privatizing the Law.”
Adam nodded. “It’s an old phrase, an old duality – ‘public’ meant a centralized, coercive monopoly. ‘Private’ meant a decentralized, voluntary interaction. It’s like the difference between a ‘stabbing’ and ‘surgery.’ Or ‘stealing’ and ‘charity.’ It’s the difference between violence and virtue, vile and voluntary.”
“I didn’t know you had a habit for alliteration,” smiled Alice.
Adam laughed. “‘Quality’ and ‘voluntary’ are two sides of the same coin. In the past, everyone knew that no one who worked for the rulers cared about customer service, efficiency, or – any kind of satisfaction other than their own greed and power. People who worked for the rulers hated the idea of the free market, because – well, who would choose them? In a society where there were forced marriages, moving to voluntary dating was a huge negative to the ugly, the abusive and the generally unappealing. The worst among us always worship violence and monopoly – again, two sides of the same coin – because violence and monopoly always produce the worst among us! Violent parenting produced two kinds of people. People cowed and broken into obeying any hypocrite in power – and criminals, who would rather rule in hell than serve in heaven, so to speak. The rulers were happy with both kinds – the obedient were obviously good livestock, while the criminals scared the citizens into believing that the rulers were necessary. This system served everyone except the future, and escalated into the Cataclysms, which finally taught humanity the eternal price of breaking children with lies.”
Alice digested this for a moment. “And this is where UPB comes in.”
Adam nodded. “Morality gains its power in the human mind through its universality, because if we are anything at all, we are conceptual beings. We are naturally drawn to abstract universalizations, from science to mathematics – to morality. UPB simply accepts the premise of morality – that morality defines Universally Preferable Behaviour – and applies it consistently. In the same way, hundreds of years ago, Sir Isaac Newton simply accepted gravity as a constant, and thus understood the universe. Albert Einstein simply accepted the speed of light as a constant, and so understood both the universe and time. The abolitionists ended slavery by universalizing the principle of self‐ownership – you could not own yourself, and be owned by someone else at the same time.”
Adam rapidly clicked his teeth with his fingernails, creating a tap‐dancing sound.
“In the old days, there used to be something called an ‘asterisk,’ which told readers to look at the bottom of the page for additional information, often an exception to a general statement. UPB simply takes the simple rules of the nonaggression principle and the respect for property rights – removes the asterisk, the exceptions – and simply – universalizes them!”
Alice laughed out loud. “Oh, come on, Adam, it can’t be that simple!”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 207
Adam rubbed his face violently with his hands. “You may not believe me, but it is! Don’t steal, don’t hit – things that a two‐year‐old was told, and punished for disobeying – these rules – which everyone claimed were universal – were simply accepted as universal. Then, the most radical transformation of society in the history of the world occurred – almost literally overnight! We replaced violence against children with peaceful parenting, we replaced rulers with DROs, we replaced coercive ‘laws’ with voluntary contracts – and we broke the entire wheel of history, the cycle of violence that has consumed every shred of human success for the past – forever.”
Adam’s voice dropped to a near‐whisper.
“And the amount of human suffering it took to truly universalize morality was so great that we will never, ever give up this advance!”
Alice digested this. “We never got back to the addicted babies.”
Adam nodded. “We will, in particular because you met two of them on the mountain that night, with your friend. And because you will be partly responsible for breaking their addictions.”
Alice took a deep breath. “So – addicted babies?”
Adam whistled tunelessly and took another sip of tea. “Nature has endowed all creatures with a thirst for power, for control – and, in the great apes – of which we are the greatest – for dominance over other apes, other members of the tribe. For an ape, dominance means the greatest access to food and shelter – and the greatest access to the highest quality females. I’m sure you are aware that there is a brain component called ‘serotonin’ which is a reward chemical – when apes climb higher on the social hierarchy, they are rewarded with serotonin. Conversely, when they tumble down, serotonin is withdrawn, and they get anxious and depressed.”
“Punishments and rewards…” murmured Alice.
“Excuse me?”
Alice cleared her throat. “Well, you told me that parents in the Old World would punish and reward their children for compliance to the parents’ wishes – delusions. And here you have Nature as a parent, offering sticks and carrots to whip the apes up the social ladder, to achieve dominance.”
“Right – but Nature is not a parent, because Nature does not use moral justifications for inflicting punishment – Nature hits us with a straight up drug deal. More tea?”
Alice shook her head.
“Animals need dominance over two things – nature itself, and their fellow animals. They need to dominate nature to gain resources – food, shelter, water – and they need to dominate their fellow animals to gain access to the highest‐quality females. Without reproduction, there is no point to the life of animals, and no future for their genetics – so the dominance over nature is merely a means to an end for the dominance over their fellow animals. Even frogs fight each other for access to females – and
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 208
many birds show their dominance over nature by creating elaborate nesting rituals to attract females. It doesn’t matter if you can eat if you can’t reproduce.”
Adam sipped more tea, and Alice couldn’t help but wonder where he put it all.
“It’s impossible to take the desire to climb the social hierarchy from apes – the reinforcement mechanism of serotonin is so strong that it dominates even the desire for food and water. When you train them to use currency, the first thing the male apes buy is sexual access to the females.
“This desire for dominance over other apes is so strong that we consider it a foundational driver of all biology. However, this dominance has its limits – think of a male ape called ‘Bob.’ Bob could theoretically impregnate all the female apes by threatening all of the male apes in the vicinity, but he generally doesn’t do that, do you know why?”
Alice paused, wrinkling her nose, with the usual teen disgust about talk of reproduction. “Well, he is outnumbered…”
Adam nodded. “Bob has to sleep sometime. If he tries to shut out all the other males from reproducing, it provokes great rage in them – or rather, great rage is provoked by their genetics, which view a dead end as the worst thing of all – so they band together and kill Bob. Also, as he ages, Bob loses his strength and capacity to dominate – if he has angered the other males too greatly, they will also kill him or drive him out, and therefore he doesn’t have the capacity to care for his grandchildren, so to speak.
“No, our good hairy friend Bob is limited in his capacity to dominate the other males, because it is ape‐ on‐ape aggression, without any third‐party technology or weaponry. To take an extreme hypothetical, imagine that our friend Bob gets ahold of a solar‐powered laser gun, and can fry any other ape who displeases him – and that he will train his sons to do the same.”
Alice blinked. “Then there is no limit to what he can do – he can eliminate all the other males, and impregnate all the females.”
“And this has been tried by countless animals, over the course of evolution – but it really doesn’t work out very well, do you know why?”
Alice pondered for a long moment, then snapped her fingers. “Inbreeding.”
Adam nodded in satisfaction. “Quite right. Too many ape babies are born with birth defects, which makes the females depressed and anxious about mating – and also drains resources, because they will still feed their unviable offspring, which cannot grow to protect the tribe, and hunt – or reproduce, for that matter. Therefore, any other tribe with more genetic diversity can take them over, or drive them away from the good food sources. Dominant apes with too much power over reproduction destroy their societies. Power, in other words, corrupts.”
Alice scowled. “I really appreciate the lesson, but I’m not sure if you’re aware of how smug you sound when you do that ‘the knowledge has come full circle’ Zen routine.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 209
Adam grinned. “When the mentor is good enough, the student can survive a little smugness.”
“Even when defending your smugness, you are smug! My dad does the same thing – we called it ‘smugging.’”
The old man laughed. “It is my way of making light of some truly terrible aspects of human history – the most terrible, many think, myself included.”
His face grew serious. “An excess of power destroys the tribe – a deficiency of power stagnates the tribe. A central question about apes is: why did they never develop as much intelligence as humans? The answer, of course, is that greater intelligence is not rewarded among the apes. Another way of putting it is: the female apes prefer violence and size over intelligence and wisdom, which means that the apes remain violent, and stay dumb.”
Alice frowned. “Is that because – greater intelligence doesn’t provide any specific evolutionary value?”
Adam shook his head. “That’s far too general a statement to be of value. Why doesn’t intelligence provide evolutionary value for the apes?”
“Because – because growing the brain means – well, there are only a certain number of calories available, and if the brain becomes bigger, the body usually becomes smaller.”
Adam smiled. “Thus, we have the stereotype of the nerdy geek who is bad at sports. His body has poured its energy into growing his brain, at the expense of his size, muscles and coordination. Conversely, the stereotype of the giant dumb jock also has its basis in reality – for the opposite reason, but the same principle.”
Alice said: “So, the ape who develops a larger brain – or at least, a smarter brain, I know the correlation isn’t perfect – is smaller and weaker in his body, which means that he is rejected by the females.”
Adam nodded. “Right – the females are looking for markers of the ability to provide resources, and being smarter might make a male better at getting resources, but that remains only theoretical – physical size and strength are valuable now. To turn to humans – in colder climates, intelligence is essential to gather, store and slowly measure out food during the hungry winter months, so strong but dumb men are rejected by females, because it’s a higher likelihood that everyone will starve to death over the winter with those men as heads of the family.”
Alice said: “But – that’s only in a time of peace.”
Adam’s eyes sharpened. “Go on?”
“Well, women want men big, dumb and violent during times of war…”
“Right – which tends to perpetuate war. All personality traits are subject to genetics. Violent societies tend to stay violent because the genes for violence help with survival. Starting one war changes the genetics forever.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 210
“War never ends…” murmured Alice.
“All wars are gene wars,” said Adam grimly. “The genes for violence wage war against the genes for intelligence.”
He put down his cup.
“When women choose smarter man, society becomes more intelligent. There is no shortcut, no other way to do it, because men will do anything to gain the approval of women – the alternative is genetic death.
“Now, when you have a coercive social structure – a collective moral delusion really – called the State, that’s the equivalent of giving Bob the ape a laser gun. Many animals don’t know when things are ‘too much.’ Some birds prefer larger eggs, but if you give them an egg larger their whole body – an ostrich egg, say – they will sit on that, because their brains don’t have a cutoff for ‘too much.’ Human beings are the same with power – particularly, power over other human beings. You can think of all the major empires throughout human history – dozens and dozens of them – and they all crashed because the rulers kept wanting more and more power. Human beings don’t have a ‘cutoff’ for ‘too much power’ – or, at least, human beings who do have that cutoff don’t seek or keep power as rulers.
“The natural limit to human dominance is blowback from the subjugated – just as the excluded male apes will kill the dominant male. Trying to dominate other humans creates the certain risk of blowback. However, with the apparatus of the State, a ruler faces no immediate or individual limit to his thirst for dominance. A Roman ruler can conquer the known world; a British monarch can rule over a third of the entire planet. Of course, you could never do that individually, but if you have – if you pay your enforcers a portion of the money they extract from others through violence – then you can dominate as much as your heart desires – and, when it comes to dominance, the human heart has infinite desires. This is even a founding principle of economics – that human desires are infinite, but resources are always finite.
“How much power do rulers want when there is no blowback? Infinite, no limits – or, at least, the limits accrue inter‐generationally.
“This is the classic pattern of the addict. We all want power – over nature, over each other – and here in the modern world, we have turned that power‐lust into technological control over the natural world – and sports, and debates, and other forms of dominance‐combat that don’t result in death, either of individuals, or of our entire society.
“Towards the end, before the Cataclysms – especially in the democracies – this addiction reached its inevitable peak. The mental constructs designed to limit the growth of sociopathic control by the rulers – various laws and bills and constitutions – proved as useful as the promise of an addict, who always says: ‘Only one more, only one more!’“
Adam’s face was as hard as stone. “Power grows in part out of hatred – hatred is necessary, because you never want to rule over someone you truly love, because that would destroy the free will that you love them for. When you gain power, you gain sycophants, adherents – and enforcers. When people sense a
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 211
growing power in society, their first instinct is to submit, because the purpose of power is to destroy those who don’t submit.
“You have to hate those you rule over. You have to view them as sub‐human – and yourself as super‐ human – so that you can destroy them without disturbing your conscience. It’s an instinct – you mentally divide human beings into ‘the good’ – those who support your rule – and ‘the evil’ – those who oppose your rule. You subvert the remnants of the ‘law,’ you create arbitrary punishments – which fill your subjects with existential dread – and then you harvest all that anxiety and dread, and blame the disobedient. Then, of course, because human beings seek power, and hate helplessness, the helplessness and powerlessness generated by the rulers is then aimed at the disobedient, and the frightened attack the noncompliant, and no one and nothing is then left to resist the expansion of the power of the rulers – except the inevitable collapse, the destruction of society – the Cataclysms.”
Adam’s eyes were hooded, and he almost panted with the exertion of his speech.
“And,” he whispered, so softly that Alice had to lean forward to hear him, “when the rulers have power over all the words poured into the ears of the children, they create a fairy‐tale, a horror story, wherein all the disasters created by the rulers are blamed on the disobedient – and that all manner of disasters await the society if even a tiny minority disobeys. This programs the children to gain serotonin not from dominance, but obedience – and programs them to be hit with the twin horrors of anxiety and depression – not from subjugation, but from disobedience.
“And when human beings are programmed this way, they become addicted to slavery – literally addicted – and will fight to the death to remain enslaved. Freedom, liberty, conscience – these all become predators to be kept at bay with all their might.
“People mistake totalitarianism as a top‐down system. Oh no, it is not the rulers attacking the citizens – it is the rulers programming the citizens to attack each other if they disobey the rulers!
“Enslavement is not top‐down – enslavement is horizontal. Horizontal slavery is the only slavery that can ever exist, because the slaves so vastly outnumber the rulers. Social slavery exists when slaves experience terror only when another slave resists enslavement.
“When the rulers use the State to program their slaves to attack any freedom‐lovers, there is no escape from slavery except total collapse – which for most slaves results in death.
“And this was the cycle of human history – inevitable, inexorable, inescapable. Human beings cannot handle power, any more than a drug addict can handle the drug. We are programmed to be infinitely addicted to more and more power – it is never enough, it never satisfies, it always expands until it collapses.
“The history of our species is the history of the mad delusion that an infinite addiction can be restrained with pieces of paper and mere concepts. It is the history of people who turn the education of their children over to their rulers – and then wonder why their freedoms continually disappear.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 212
“It is the history of a species – of our species – who continually repeat the mantra that ‘power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely’ – and yet keep handing more and more power to their rulers, and wonder why they wander from disaster to catastrophe to horror to – the Cataclysms.”
Alice’s eyes were filled with tears. “But – are they to be blamed? They were addicts, trained from birth to – to – I don’t even know how to put it, you put it well of course. Can babies born to addiction be blamed for being addicts?”
Adam pursed his lips. “That is a very interesting question. It is not at all theoretical.”
“What do you mean?” asked Alice, confused. “Are you talking about the few remaining – rulers?”
Adam shook his head. “Oh no – I’m talking about the rulers to come.”
Alice’s face went pale. “You said – you almost promised – that we have broken – the cycle of history, that the Cataclysms will never come again!”
Adam said: “I did make that promise – and I will keep that promise, or rather society will. But the rulers are coming back – because we are going to bring them back to life!”
Chapter 26
My wife came into the room – and I couldn’t help myself, I sobbed loudly in relief – I was fairly convinced I was not in hell, but if I was – at least she was here with me.
I also tried to crane my head a little, to see where she was coming from – my first glance outside this room, but all I could see was a glimpse of a white hallway – with a hint of some kind of uneven barrier to either side of the doorway outside.
The long‐haired man got up, nodded at me, and left the room.
My wife strode in and leaned over me, brushing my hair back with a tender gesture. My eyes widened slightly, and she sat back in the chair beside my bed.
She looked a little older – but we had met in our twenties, and every time I saw her after an absence, she looked older, because first impressions stick in the brain, and reject time.
“Good morning!” she said, with her usual slight note of brisk sarcasm.
“Hello,” I replied.
She waved her hand. “So glad you’re better darling. Now go on – start complaining!”
My eyes widened slightly, then I laughed, which came out more as a deflating ‘croak.’
“You know me too well,” I said.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 213
“Is the bed too uncomfortable for his Majesty?” She smiled, leaned forward and fluffed my pillow. “Are you not getting quite enough information, at the rate you want it? Are you hungry, uncomfortable, disoriented, discontented in any way?”
My smile broadened. God I love her!
“No, my love. I am just happy and relieved to be alive.”
“Well! It looks like they removed more than plaque from your heart!”
“So – what happened?”
She paused, and her voice caught. “Well, you were very sick, and they basically – put you to sleep, or induced some kind of coma, and you’ve been out, and they were able to – fix your ticker.”
“How long have I been – out?”
She snorted. “As you can tell from my still‐youthful appearance, not very long in geological terms!”
It was blindingly obvious to me that she had avoided my question, but of course I trusted her infinitely more than the bearded ghost of Jane, so I let it pass.
“Are the kids well?”
“They are unable to be here at the moment – which I know sounds impossible, but I hope you will trust me when I say it is not their fault.”
“You are asking for a lot of trust at the moment,” I said, though not without a smile.
“Well, if I haven’t earned it by now, you’re just unwilling to pay the bill,” she replied.
There was a tiny pause.
“So – I was sick, I was put to sleep, I was – cured? I’m – better?”
“You have nothing to worry about. You are fine.”
I considered this. “Okay, I know you’re not answering, so I won’t ask again – but I have to imagine that I’ve been out for a while, if they – found a – cure, while I was – sleeping?”
She tilted her head slightly. “I’m not a doctor, you’ll have to ask them. They just woke me up and told me that you are better, and to come in.”
“Woke you up? You’ve been here – in the hospital?”
“Almost the whole time,” she murmured, and something in her voice betrayed the suffering she had gone through.
“I’m so sorry,” I said softly. “I guess I just – slept through it all, while you…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 214
She took a deep breath. “Well, old age is our punishment for all the free and easy times we had when we were young.”
I had a strange memory – a déjà vu of sorts – of her saying this in some public place.
Her eyes grew oddly alert. “Tell me how you are feeling?”
“It’s quite odd – my head feels like some city, Atlantis, rising from the ocean… The confusion is draining away – and my body is – it’s very strange, I feel both helpless and strangely – muscular – at the same time. I mean, I guess someone has been exercising me, otherwise I would have bed rot something fierce.”
“What else?”
I let my mind slide down my spine, towards my extremities. “I feel cold in the bone marrow, but warmer on the skin. I’m not hungry, but I don’t feel full. It’s like I’ve not eaten for a hundred years, but been fed…”
“As hungry as a skinny horse,” she said – an odd twist on the old cliché that I vaguely remember reading somewhere. “What else?”
I paused. “Shouldn’t I be saying this to the – doctors? And where are the kids?”
“Please don’t worry about them right now,” she said firmly. “You really need to focus on telling me how you feel, what is going on in your mind, because – well, to be frank, this is all fairly unprecedented, it’s not any kind of typical cure…”
I held up my hand, and she stopped speaking immediately.
“Look, Phyllis, I can tell the doctors everything that’s going on – later. How are you? What’s new..?” I laughed at the ridiculousness of the question. “You know, fill me in, fill my ears.”
She took a deep breath, and her eyes seemed to shudder slightly. “Did you think you were dead?”
I saw her redirect again – and had less patience this time.
“Well it wasn’t like springing up from a catnap,” I said, slightly grumpily. “I don’t feel the same – you don’t feel the same. What is wrong with answering a few questions?”
Her cheeks flushed. “Look, I’m just following the doctor’s orders – they said not to excite you – and yes, I know you’re going to say that means – am I cured for real? Yes, you are, but you can’t just spring up from this kind of – ordeal, or situation. Do you remember, when I was in my forties, and I always wanted to write a comedy about getting old? Well, now we are old – really old – and it’s really not so damn funny at all.”
I swallowed painfully. “You – talked about that, in an interview.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 215
She shrugged. “Probably.”
I felt a sudden onrush of emotion. The vulnerable words escaped my mouth before… “Where am I?”
She looked at me sympathetically. “The future, of course – where you least expected to be.”
My brief moments of sanity and lucidity seemed to be evaporating.
“What is – going on?”
“Look – you are coming out of a deep sleep, you’re bound to feel disoriented – I’m here to help.”
Phyllis leaned forward and kissed my forehead.
“What are you going to do next, put coins on my eyes?” I snapped.
“There’s my complaining husband again! Glad to know you’re feeling like your old self.”
There was another pause – more awkward. My sense of déjà vu was getting stronger.
A sudden thought struck me: “Have I woken up – before?”
“Why do you ask that?”
“Damn, you are – answering my questions with questions, all the time!”
Phyllis paused. “No, you haven’t woken up before – as I said, you were in an induced sleep, it was impossible to wake up without – outside stimulation.”
Another pause, another shred of half‐information, more maddening distance…
“Look…” she started, then stopped. “What would make you the happiest?”
“Oh don’t do that – don’t refuse to give me what I want, and then ask what would make me happy.”
“Answers,” she stated simply.
I struggled to rise, but felt a sudden cramping in my lower back.
“What is it?”
“Ow – my back – spasm!”
“Do you want the doctor?”
“Oh – just do something!”
She got up briskly, pulled back my tight covers and felt around behind me.
And my blood froze.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 216
Something was missing…
I could sniff her hair spray; I could inhale the vestiges of her usual perfume – but something more elemental, something more basic and mammalian – the accumulated intimate scent of another body, gathered in my mind for over a half‐century – something elementally human – was missing – and it was such a strange absence that my brain took several seconds to even begin to piece the void together…
I had a sudden urge to push her away, as if she were an imitation mannequin leaning over me in the near‐dark. I remembered –
Where the hell am I?
“What’s the matter?” she murmured into my ear.
“Nothing, nothing,” I muttered, submitting to her groping. “It’s passed, thanks, I’m okay…”
“Something about me?” she asked, drawing back.
I shook my head.
“Don’t lie,” she said automatically, distractedly. “Something about – me, being close? I’m very clean, they told me to…”
“It’s nothing,” I muttered, the dread beginning to grow in me again.
Her seemingly‐genuine confusion did put me at ease, at least slightly. “I’m sorry, I don’t mean to make you – suffer anymore.”
She brushed her hair back from her eyes. “Oh, it’s fine,” she muttered – although I could see that she was still thinking about – something.
She asked suddenly: “Do I smell different?”
I tried to smile. “I don’t know, apparently it’s been a while…”
“No, really – they told me your sense of smell would be affected, but would – come back.”
I felt pain in the face of her obvious agitation. My left hand, freed from its covers, reached for her hand.
She hesitated, then took it.
I froze again. The hand I had held, countless times over fifty‐five years – it felt as strange as a bag of marbles.
My words escaped. “What – did…?”
She snatched her hand back, rubbing it with her other hand.
“What’s wrong?” she demanded. “Everything is going wrong!”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 217
I said nothing. I felt I needed a celestial lawyer.
She turned to the door and said: “It’s – I’m on a new medication for my arthritis, maybe my hand feels different.”
“They cured me, my heart, and your arthritis – all while I was sleeping..?” I murmured – and suddenly felt that my lips and mouth had now turned to stone, as silent as a statue.
There was a long pause, and my wife seemed to sag in her seat.
“I’m sorry,” she said, a tear spilling from her eye.
I said nothing. Strangely enough, I did not feel mad, I did not feel dead, I did not feel haunted or tortured or buried in an insane waking world of an afterlife – I was in a sane situation of waiting, and she seemed to know that somehow.
She said my name, but it had strangely – public – ring to it, as if she were calling out my name at a crowded party, rather than in the intimacy of a hospital room.
Everything she has said, I have heard before…
It struck me strangely, sideways, when I remembered as hungry as a skinny horse – that was a phrase from her autobiography, about her eating disorder as a teenager, when she was on the track team…
She had also made the comment about getting old not being funny in a talk show, when she was publicizing her book.
Her tone was – public, crowded… It always used to bother me about actors – you could tell they were acting, and self‐consciously impressed with their own acting – and how different it was when you had an actual documentary, with real people – and I would imagine actors trying to play those real people, and realizing that they would fail completely, that they were only pretending to be human beings.
The melodramatic phrase: “Who are you?” floated through my mind.
I studied her face, as she looked back without blinking.
It was perfect, perfectly her. The age spots were in the old spattered constellations I remembered; the little scar above her left eyebrow from the bicycling accident, right there. The grey roots of her hair were just at the length she would allow before getting a dye job...
A dye job, in your little die…
It was her, of course – and it wasn’t her. It was her public face, public voice, social self – everything was from the outside in, nothing was spontaneous and intimate and generated from the moment. She was like an assembled recording of her public statements…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 218
And then – a memory floated into my mind, from the room before this one, the old room that seemed fantastically new at the time – and a white‐haired doctor, who always reminded me of Dr. Welby – or whoever played him – putting a needle into my arm, saying:
“Goodbye, goodbye… I wonder what brave new world you will wake up to…”
I hoped that this one memory – the first one that was recent, not from my early life – would trigger a flood of other memories, but apparently that only happens in novels, because that one drop was the last gasp of a dry well…
My ancient doctor said goodbye to me in a manner only fit for funeral directors – a permanent goodbye, an acknowledgement that we would never meet again, under any circumstances, in any universe…
And I remembered a phrase that Nancy Reagan had used about her husband, and his slow decay into dementia…
The long goodbye…
My doctor was giving me the long goodbye…
And then, another gasp – a memory of his somber face… My bald doctor had always been jovial, positive – like Bill Cosby in a sitcom – but like Bill Cosby, he would occasionally become dead‐serious, which hit you like a hammer…
Something about the difficulty of the speech, the inevitability of…
Everyone gets this news, sooner or later…
And a feeling of panic, in a long‐dead room – what a strange phrase! – and a desire to keep on living, and keep on living, and keep on…
“I’m far in the future, aren’t I?” I whispered.
She paused, as if listening.
“How much do you want to know?” she asked.
I paused. “I will go mad if I don’t know everything, right now.”
She nodded. “Where are we starting from? What do you remember?”
“I was sick, and I wanted to live, and my doctor told me I would wake up in a new world – I’m sure he didn’t imagine I would remember it, not that it matters now…”
She nodded, all business now. “It has been a long time.”
“And you – you are not my wife, unless I have gone quite mad.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 219
“You have not gone mad.”
“Who are you?”
“Do you want to know – everything?”
“I can’t imagine how long it has been, if they can – fake you, so well. Am I on another planet? Did I – die, and is this – no, that’s totally mad. Or are these are all my dying thoughts, that just go and on for ever and ever..?”
I whimpered, and this seemed to rouse some sympathy within her, as far as that was possible.
“Are you sure you want to know – everything?” she asked softly.
“Yes.”
“Okay.”
My wife reached up with both hands, brushed back her hair, then removed her face.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 220
Chapter 27
David addressed the assembled meeting.
Heads of all the major DROs were gathered – most in person, a few virtual.
“So – a problem we had long suspected has returned to – haunt us, if I can use an old colloquialism. I believe that Roman will return to the wilderness, to his tribe, and we must make preparations for that possibility. My solution will shock you – perhaps literally – but please hear me out.
“As you know, we have been ostracizing unrepentant criminals for the past century or so – it is incredibly rare, only a few hundred individuals in that total time – a couple every year. You all know the standards, we have all agreed… You have to be deemed mentally competent, have committed acts of evil, and refuse to make any kind of restitution, and your victims do not grant clemency. By all our understanding of the role of peaceful parenting, and the massive rewards of staying in the Civ, these individuals shouldn’t really exist – but we accept free will, and people can always make absolutely terrible decisions – just as we are free to inflict consequences on them.
“Most of these people left the Civ, went into the wilderness, and were heard of no more – a few of them returned and attacked citizens, who killed them in self‐defense. A couple more also tried to worm their way back in, but were unable to hack our decentralized servers, and were quickly caught and expelled again. A few more returned half‐starving, and agreed to make restitution, take talk therapy and reform… We haven’t really troubled ourselves with the fates of those exiled from society – they are so rare, and relatively trouble‐free.
“Through sheer accident, my daughter Alice came across a tribe in the wilderness – they number about a hundred and twenty, and they can be roughly traced back to one of the first expulsions. A husband and wife from the town of New Eden were expelled for conspiring with a foreign government to try and reestablish a State in the Civ.”
Everyone in the room shuddered at the thought.
David continued. “As you know, we place people in disparate locations, with enough survival gear and food to last them for a month – and of course, they are always welcome back, if they are willing to make restitution for their crimes. We have deliberately placed them in remote locations – both from us, and each other, out of concern that an alternative wilderness society would develop, and present us with just this kind of problem.
“As it turns out, this man and woman used smoke signals to locate other outcasts, and this was the foundation of the Clan we are now dealing with.”
A bald black man raised his arm and said: “How on earth did they find each other?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 221
David shrugged. “It’s a little hard to tell, but based on an analysis of their mythology, apparently the first man and woman built a giant fire on top of Smudge Mountain, which drew other stragglers to them, and they – paired up in some way, at least I hope so, and had kids, and here we are.”
An old woman said decisively: “I’m not sure how we can leave them alone, and I don’t believe we can integrate them.”
David nodded. “We all know the perils of the old White Man’s Burden. It seems that civilization has to evolve; it cannot be transferred – we can also see that from the few remaining nation‐states.”
A man with long silver hair said: “Okay, this is how I see it – I assume that the adults are using force against the children – and against each other, at least on occasion as well.”
Again, David nodded.
The man brushed his hair back and continued: “So – the parents are violating the NAP by assaulting their children – and each other. Free‐speech obviously doesn’t bar verbal aggression between adults, because adults are free to choose who they listen to – but verbal abuse of children is a violation of the NAP, because it so obviously damages the developing brain – and the precious children have no escape. So, these parents – or the adults as a whole I suppose – are violating the NAP, but – we can’t ostracize those we have already ostracized, so what are we going to do?”
The old woman said: “Well, any children over the age of four or five can most likely not be integrated into the Civ – and we would have to use force to separate them from their parents, which would cause more trauma to them – the kids I mean.”
David said: “Right, we can’t just go and scoop up the children and bring them here – too traumatic, and too much bad brain development for integration. But we also can’t leave them where they are, because they are victims of violations of the nonaggression principle.” He sighed. “Universality is universal.”
Everyone nodded, and there was silence for a short while.
The bald man drummed his fingers. “So – we can’t take the kids, we can’t bring the kids here, we can’t bring everyone here, we can’t ostracize them – but we can’t allow the parents to continue abusing their children – or each other.” He snapped his fingers rapidly. “Come on people, we get paid the big Satoshis, there has to be an answer!”
The faint humming of air circulation drifted through everyone’s ears, as their collective intelligence circled the problem.
David said: “In my experience, the longer you take to come up with a solution, the more upsetting the solution tends to be…”
The bald man scowled. “And in my experience, describing the problem does not solve the problem.”
David smiled. “Very true. So, without any further ado, I will upset you with – my solution, at least.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 222
Everyone lifted their heads, and stared at him expectantly.
He touched his watch. “Okay, bring it in.”
There was a momentary pause, and then a small floating baby drifted through the holographic curtain that led to the hallway. It had pink skin, blue eyes, thin tousled blonde hair, and a broad toothy smile. It carried a small wooden bow in its tiny left hand, and a quiver with blue arrows hung on its back. Its – his? – groin was covered by white cloth.
The bald man whispered: “Holy eye of Sauron, what on earth is that?”
The old woman said: “I know what that is – my grandfather told me about these, showed me some pictures when I was little. What was it called – something medieval…”
David said: “A cherub.”
The old woman nodded slowly, staring at the floating baby.
The bald man said: “Well, don’t keep us in suspense!”
David gestured at the old woman. “Go ahead, Agnes.”
Agnes took a long moment to respond, then said: “This was the beginning of the Civ. When we pieced together peaceful parenting, after the – Cataclysms – we had the problem of enforcement. How do you get parents to stop yelling at – or assaulting – their children?
“The military technology developed during the early part of twenty first century – combined with the horrible advances during the Cataclysms – was taken over by the founders of peaceful parenting, and they invented these devices – called Cherubs – and released them in society, and we had peaceful parenting pretty much everywhere, within a single generation.”
Another woman said: “The Enforcers.”
The old woman said: “They were called a lot of things. Child‐minders, the eyes in the sky, enforcers, shielders, snappers, Civ‐builders…”
“Angels,” murmured David.
The old woman nodded, lost in memory. “That’s my favourite. The most accurate.”
Another man said: “It’s so strange when your history books come back to life… I’m sure we all read about these, so long ago…”
The bald man said: “How do they work? How does it work I mean?”
David jumped up. “You son of a bitch!” he snarled.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 223
The entire room was stunned into silence. The floating baby hovered placidly, regarding the scene with piercing blue eyes.
David smiled. “You see? Free speech, no response – because we are all adults.”
The bald man laughed nervously.
David strode towards him, drawing back his fist.
Immediately the floating baby shot between David and the bald man – so quickly, it almost seemed to be teleporting.
“Imminent violation!” a stern deep masculine voice stated flatly – utterly unnerving coming from a baby’s pink mouth.
David hurled his fist at the bald man’s face – the man flinched, raising his arms – and – almost too fast to see – the baby drew an arrow, fitted it in the bow – there was an electric blue flash, and a bolt of lightning shot into David’s chest. Gasping and trembling, David dropped to his knees, tiny bolts of electricity crawling over his skin like random blue centipedes.
The bald man jumped up. “Damn, David, are you okay?”
David grimaced, pulling himself up by the edge of the obsidian table. “It’s not exactly – painful, but it does mess with your muscles… Hang on – you can’t do much for at least a couple of minutes… It’s basically the – minimum dose to prevent an attack. The Angel attacks physical violence between adults… And physical and verbal violence against children. These were used in the founding of the Civ – basically, they were the foundation of the Civ – but within a generation, physical attacks – and verbal abuse of children – had become so rare that they were all decommissioned… Some were sent to museums, most were recycled, some put in storage – and we’ve got a bunch back, and updated them a little bit, and this is our solution. My proposed solution…”
There was silence in the room. This was a lot to process.
The silver‐haired man said: “So we just – release these, in this tribe, around them – and they just – zap everyone who abuses kids?”
David nodded.
“Okay, I’m sure this is blindingly obvious, but I don’t know the answer – won’t the abusive parents just – go into a hut or someplace – a cave maybe – and abuse their kids there?”
David grimaced. “I activated this Angel with my earlier phrase – now that it is activated, it will stay with us until it is deactivated. It’s solar powered, so it won’t run out of juice. It defends itself, so you can’t destroy it – at least not in the wilderness. It is authorized to use up to lethal force – it records everything of course. And if you try to go into a closet or a hut or a room or some private place – well, I can show you. This thing is a work of art – and in art, showing is always better than telling! Come with me…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 224
David and the bald man walked out of the conference room. A real door materialized on the hologram. David raised his voice beyond the door. The tiny pink head of the Angel jerked up – another blur of arrow‐shooting, a flash of light – red, this time – and the Angel flickered through a perfectly‐cut circle in the door.
David poked his head through the mildly‐smoking hole. “It can cut through just about anything – even drill through rock if need be.”
He opened the door and came back in, the bald man close behind – followed by the eternally‐smiling Angel.
The bald man said: “I’m not even going to pretend to be sorry to be ‘that guy,’ but what if a truly sadistic parent finds some way to escape this – driller?”
“It was called a sNAPper, because it snapped people with electricity – and because it enforces the NAP. I like the suggestion of Agnes – let’s call it an Angel. It was made in this shape to – be more pleasing to children. So they wouldn’t be as scared.”
“Okay, the Angel – what if the parent evades it somehow?”
David nodded. “Oh, we know how tenacious parents are in continuing abuse – there was a reason it went on for hundred and fifty thousand years – basically the entire history of our species – and so the Angel can also analyze cortisol, scan for salt patterns on the cheeks – and breathing rates, you name it. If a parent somehow abuses a child outside the Angel’s watchful eye, the Angel then gently questions the child, looking for stress patterns and the avoidance of eye contact. It also analyses the cortisol levels of the parent – as well as endorphins, which will get released if the parent enjoyed the abuse.”
The old woman’s eyes were sad. “If he or she is a sadist.”
David nodded. “Right. If all evidence points to very recent abuse, it provides a double‐does of electricity to the parent – which really does hurt, trust me!”
The old woman said: “I can’t remember, does it promote good behaviour at all?”
David shook his head. “No, it’s just enforcement. All stick, no carrot.”
“Do you know why that decision was made?”
David stared at the friendly floating implacable cherub. “Oh yeah, I’ve studied this thing deeply. I mean, you know, one of the central weird delusions in history was the idea that if the government doesn’t do something, that thing won’t get done. If the government doesn’t provide education, no one will be educated – if the government doesn’t build the roads, no roads will be built. It was a mad delusion, you all know – it’s like saying that if you take a giant rock from the middle of a stream, the water will still continue to flow around the hole!”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 225
David’s eyes moved from person to person. “It turned out that when parents were prevented from abusing their children, they – spontaneously, mind you – just – kind of invented peaceful parenting on their own… Like when we eliminated the power of the rulers, DROs emerged spontaneously. When violence is banned, spontaneous self‐organization emerges naturally, inevitably – and very quickly. The end of government education was about ten days’ worth of chaos – a few classes held in garages, the quick purchasing of government schools – which were then quite quickly abandoned – and the current system of parent‐shadowing experience education emerged within a month or two – and has stayed pretty much the same ever since.”
The bald man said: “So we just – release these in this tribe, and then what?”
David smiled. “Come on, we are not savages! We already have a number of peaceful parenting advocates who are perfectly willing to deploy to the Clan – if they are allowed, which I kind of doubt. But no – we will provide information and training and resources, anything they want – at the same time as we let the Angels protect the children.”
The old woman said: “It’s so – tech‐y! Why not just – use people?”
“Go on.”
“Well, I can see why in the past they needed robots, because billions of children were being abused, all around the world, so it was impossible to – there weren’t enough people, and most of the people wanted to abuse the kids, it was a sadistic age, as they all were…”
David said: “Well, it wasn’t billions of people at all by the end of the Cataclysms. Remember, we started out with only a few million, best guess. Those who had seen the disasters coming, they were the ones who worked their hardest to break the cycle of history, and give us the Civ.”
“Right, right – but why not use people – experts – with this tribe? It seems a little freaky to have these babies hovering around, zapping people who raise their hands against their children. I’m concerned about – psychotic breaks, or…” She furrowed her brow, taking a deep breath. “Well, sadism is next door to masochism, and cruel parents might learn to love being zapped – or they might be willing to escalate the Angels even to lethal force, in order to… I mean – we are talking about some seriously primitive personalities here!”
David nodded slowly. “That is certainly a… Not a risk exactly, but a – possible consequence. It is incredibly destabilizing for abusers to stop abusing – it brings back their own childhoods, their conscience – if they still have one – and it can cause a total collapse in the personality – and yes, some people might choose to really harm themselves by provoking the Angels – which would certainly be very traumatic for the children, but universality is universality… That’s why we’ve never released these in the Statist societies. They would just respond with – terrorism, escalation. Plus they could find ways to disable them…”
David’s voice grew grim.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 226
“Look – we all know, around this table, across the Civ, that we cannot base morality on consequences. ‘Consequences’ are a form of mysticism, because you can invent any outcome for any proposed action – all ‘pragmatism’ does is paralyze morality. I could say: ‘Well, the parents won’t stop abusing, so the Angels will end up seriously harming or killing them – which is even more traumatic for the children, so we should just let things be…“
David spread his hands in a gesture of benevolent helplessness. “Consequences be damned – we enforce the nonaggression principle, regardless of consequences!”
He paused for a moment.
“We won’t use people because – abusers are incredibly sensitive to loss of status, and it’s hard to feel as humiliated by a mere machine. Being attacked by a human being would cause immediate escalation; the genius of the Angels is that it’s harder to take being punished personally. If we had people there, the children would be in far more danger – as would the parents.”
The bald man said: “Okay, I get the – physical abuse thing, that’s just reading body language and sniffing for cortisol… But the verbal abuse thing, that seems – that’s impossible to understand, for me. Parents still lecture their children – which some kids seem to hate more than spanking – and correct their children, and guide their children – how on earth is a robot supposed to figure out the line between verbal correction and verbal abuse?”
David nodded. “I hear what you’re saying, but – would you have any trouble distinguishing between the two?”
The bald man paused. “I guess it’s like most things – there’s some stuff in the fuzzy middle that’s hard to unpack, but most of the more extreme positions are pretty obvious.”
“The Angel is designed to provide a warning if it detects vocal stress, cortisol, rising volume and muscle rigidity – all signs of hostility. It comes preprogrammed with many phrases of verbal abuse – the usual: calling names, implying incompetence, universalizing the stakes, moral hypocrisy, insulting personality, all that stuff. If it really can’t decide, it simply sends the recording to us and provides a warning – and we can decide after a manual review. It’s not perfect, of course – but it’s a massive improvement. Look – we all know that I can’t impose this solution unilaterally, so – I’m open to any and all other suggestions. But this is the basic fact: we can’t leave them there, and we can’t bring them here…”
The debate ranged back and forth for most of the afternoon. Some voices were even raised, causing the floating Angel to turn rapidly – but free speech ruled, and the deployment of the Angels won the day.
Chapter 28
David knocked on the door of Roman’s hotel room.
He had not seen the older man for several days. The hotel room was consciously spectacular – a whole wall of real windows with a dual view of the ocean above, and a teeming coral reef below. Zero‐gravity tickle‐showers, in‐room barbeques, isolation massage chambers, the whole works…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 227
But after returning from Atlantis, Roman had closed the curtains, used nothing, eaten nothing, said – nothing.
David wanted to give him his space – but had to talk to him now, and finally got a robot maid to open the door.
The room was dark, silent – and smelled vaguely of a rotting fall forest.
David let his eyes adjust to the gloom rather than turn on a light.
Roman sat hunched over the edge of a voluminous couch.
“Are you sure you don’t need anything?” it asked gently. “Do you feel unwell?”
The old warrior said nothing, his head in his hands.
“Roman?” asked David. He made a gesture to silence the couch.
Nothing.
“I’m going to assume that – our tour is done?”
David walked closer to Roman. In the dark, he noticed that the couch had been slashed and stabbed – there was still a steak knife sticking out from a torn cushion.
Of course he didn’t know how to turn it off… So – violence!
“You went silent the last time we talked. Don’t you want to know any more – about your history?”
Roman looked up, his face like a smudge of charcoal in the dark.
David said: “As my mother used to say, let’s shed a little light on the subject!” He gestured again, and the curtains opened slightly.
He sat in an armchair opposite Roman – gesturing to ensure that it did not ask him if he wanted a snack.
David said: “We have traced your history – your ancestors were ejected from the Civ for just about the gravest crime – they were starting a DRO with the intent of reestablishing a State.”
Roman nodded slowly. His eyes were hooded, sad, defensive.
“Was their case fairly proved?” he asked with dull belligerence.
David nodded. “Well – of course I’m going to say ‘yes,’ but I don’t expect you to believe me. I will tell you the mechanism by which they were found out, and you can tell me if it makes sense to you.
“They started a DRO – this man and woman, early on, shortly after the end of the Cataclysms. There were a number of groups struggling to reinstate the State, so to speak, but society was too chaotic and fragmented for any group to gain ascendancy.” David shrugged. “Ireland, millennia ago, lasted eight
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 228
hundred years without any government, it’s happened before – but people still need collective security, charity, dispute resolution, roads – at least then – and the longer the re‐creation of the State was kept at bay, the more voluntary organizations stepped in to fill the void. There was a general horror of the violence that had massively traumatized the entire population, because nobody escaped the Cataclysms, as I’m sure you know… We found some Old World writings about Peaceful Parenting, which we were able to spread, and the right ideas began to take root…”
David’s voice was gentle. Roman stared through him.
“No taxation, no indoctrination of the young, a horror of violence, the nonaggression principle finally applied to children – voluntary and peaceful solutions to collective social problems – and the rise of a generation that had no interest in crime, no susceptibility to addiction, no obesity, no hyper‐sexuality, good and reasonable health habits – raised by parents who were held personally liable for the misdeeds of their children – this all meant that the usual bogeymen held up by the State to justify its existence just – weren’t there – at the same time that vastly superior replacements for traditional State functions were everywhere…
David spread his hands. “When you think about the general span of human history, it was almost – overnight. But the same thing was true of slavery – it went on for almost all of human history, and was ended pretty quickly – and once it was over, no one argued for its return. Peaceful parenting, a stateless society – they all turned out to be the greatest advancement in human history…”
David let his calm voice work to soothe Roman’s obvious mental and emotional collapse.
David smiled.
“Your name keeps reminding me… Did you know that the ancient Romans knew all about the steam engine and other – necessities of the nineteenth century industrial revolution?”
Roman shrugged.
“But they didn’t have any – interest in replacing human labour with machinery, because they owned slaves – their entire economy was built on their backs. Labour‐saving devices reduce the value of physical labour – so why would you want to invest in machinery that destroyed the value of your slaves?”
David sighed.
“No, the Old World could not come about while there was still slavery – and you can go back and read all of these hysterical idiots, when the end of slavery was proposed – they were all saying the same thing, like a mantra of morons: ‘Oh, but slaves pick the cotton and the food – if we don’t have slaves, we will end up naked and starving!’”
David chuckled softly. An enormous manta ray swam the bright narrow pillar of ocean between the curtains.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 229
“They had the strangest fantasy – they believed that because an unjust situation produced something, there was no way a just situation could produce something better! Madness! Come on – if a society ran on arranged marriages, enforced by the State – and someone proposed a system of voluntary courtship, these exact same morons would scream that no one would get married unless they were forced, and there would be no families or relationships or children, and we would all die out within a generation!”
David laughed sadly, brushing back his sandy hair.
“To the truly indoctrinated, the truth is always stranger than their wildest fantasies. This whole journey is like time travel for you… Hah – imagine if I were sent back in time to the slavery debate, and I were to say to the pro‐slavery advocates: ‘You don’t have to worry about cotton and fruits and vegetables being picked in the future, because within a few short decades, giant robots – half the width of a field – will use huge metal arms to pick the wheat and barley – a giant field in just an hour! And these giant robots will be powered by crushed dinosaur juice from hundreds of millions of years ago – and then, not too long after that, smaller robots with metal fingers as delicate as the legs of a spider will pick the fruits and vegetables – and work all day and all night, powered by the light of the sun!’”
David shook his head.
“They would call me insane, because people truly believe that they can accurately predict the liberated future of a free mankind. But the future cannot be known, because of free will – which means that we can only use principles to navigate where we are going – universal principles – because those in charge – those with power – will always frighten us with dire consequences in order to bypass our rational faculties. Two things kill thinking in a man: arousal, and fear. Filling the minds of the masses with horror stories about the sins of disobedience – using hell in the past; pandemics, racism, war and starvation before the Cataclysms – requires that you studiously avoid principles, and focus on imaginary consequences. It’s all about as sophisticated as a voodoo curse, if you’ve heard of them.”
Light was coming into the room. Lionfish and lazy seahorses gathered outside the invisible glass.
“And if you try to run an advanced society on the basis of primitive superstitions – the greatest being that you can predict the future of freedom – then you end up where the world always did end up. Destroying freedoms by predicting a dire future creates it – the ultimate self‐fulfilling prophecy. And it is truly horrible how many people had to suffer and die for us to learn that lesson, but we are a strange species – we will usually rather die than be proven wrong – and sadly, nature grants our wish on a regular basis – or at least, she used to.”
David’s voice had grown distant.
Roman stood up, his knees creaking.
“My ancestors,” he said grimly.
David blinked. “Yes, sorry, it’s a story I tell myself – or others – too often, and it’s a tangent at the moment. Your ancestors – they started a DRO – a defense DRO, specific to researching and creating – or
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 230
buying – weaponry to protect the region from invasion – a bunch of them started up, but they weren’t very necessary, because no external State was really interested in invading our region.”
Roman grunted. “I don’t believe you.”
“Why not?”
The older man glowered. “Since this is to be our last – conversation… No State would ever want a free region nearby – especially if that free region was successful – because its best and brightest would flee to freedom – and the success of the free region would undermine the arguments for the State.”
David blinked in surprise.
“That is true – the flood of people fleeing Statism was almost beyond belief – and we were hated by the politicians and rulers, but – let me explain it this way: let’s say that there are two regions, one we call ‘Farm,’ and one we call ‘Wilderness.’ The Farm is fully functional, it has crops and livestock and fences and machinery, and makes a lot of money – while the Wilderness is just that: an untamed area with no domestication at all. If you want to make money – and you have no ethics – which region do you take over?”
Roman’s dull eyes narrowed, sensing a trap. “The Farm.”
“Why?”
“Who cares? It’s already finished, you can start making money right away…”
“Right – and when governments take over another country, what are they really taking over? They are taking over the tax‐collection system. A country is a Farm – a free region is a Wilderness. If you take over the free region, what do you get? There is no government, no State courts, no treasury, no bullion, no tax‐collection, no government schools you can take over and use to indoctrinate the population… There is no central registry of the population, no accounting for location, income, assets, ownership of weapons – no census, nothing. What are you taking over? A well‐armed ‘wilderness’ with no way to profit from the population… No way to seize assets – because crypto currency cannot be seized. A country presents a single throat for you to squeeze – a free region is scattered, unmanaged, unknowable – and the population has not been trained into obedience!”
Roman sat heavily, shaking his head. “Yeah, but power is – for power… It’s not just about making money. If you have this – free wilderness – States will destroy it because it threatens their power.”
David laughed, delighted that Roman seemed to be coming back to life.
“Quite right, I can see why your ancestors were so good at… We were shielded from invasion for immediate material gain – but our threat to the power of neighbouring States was significant, you are right! Because of peaceful parenting, we didn’t need much policing at all internally – but there were existential threats from neighbouring States, so Defense DROs were created.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 231
Roman scowled. “I can see about a thousand problems with those.”
“Go on…”
“Do we have to?”
“No,” said David. “But I have asked for nothing, and I know you are never coming back. I would like your answer.”
Roman sat in silence for a long moment. The ripples of light behind him, reflected from the water, gave the large room the appearance of an underwater cave.
“Well,” he said finally. “I would imagine that if you wanted power, you would just promise to protect the citizens of the free region, take their – what, bitcoin? – and just use it to fund your own Army, and take over the region. People desperate for protection always give up their liberties.”
“True. Central lesson of the past. It’s why history was just a series of jump scares into a volcano, run by the rulers. So – what is the solution?”
Roman shrugged. “There is no solution. It’s a power vacuum – get rid of the State, another rises to take its place. I die, my son rises…”
David tsked between his teeth. “I know it’s a lot to ask from a wild man from the wilderness, but you have to think like an entrepreneur if you want to solve these problems.”
“I’m not a damn entrepreneur!”
“You can take me hunting.”
“What?”
David grinned. “You’re in my area of expertise – I’ll come to yours, you can take me hunting, teach me what you know – and watch me get everything wrong!”
“You’re saying – I’m getting everything wrong?”
David laughed. “No, of course not, you’re doing incredibly well. But instead of being a sceptic, you need to be a salesman.”
“I really don’t.”
David sighed. “Yes, now you are all about the precision – it’s true, you don’t, but you won’t understand the world that rejected you if you refuse. Try this – instead of being someone lobbing problems at a proposed solution, be someone who is trying to sell your solution to me!”
“What the hell do you mean?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 232
“Well, when people first came up with Defense DROs, everyone was skeptical, and fearful, and wanted to just defend themselves – so the leaders of these Defense DROs – when they were just a proposal – had to sell their ideas to the general population, who were scared of exactly what you are talking about, that the Defense DROs would take their money and buy some robot army – then take over.
“But someone needs to look around the world to figure out what dangers are brewing – and negotiate with or threaten hostile foreign actors. Most people can defend their own homes – it takes a real expert to defend an entire region – preemptively if possible. So we – this region, when it was smaller – needed people to scan and act against hostile actors – but they were terrified of those people taking their money, then taking them over. So – imagine you are your ancestor, and you’re trying to sell people on the idea of a Defense DRO – one of many, because it is a violation of the nonaggression principle to establish a coercive monopoly – how would you sell them? How would you deal with their fears that you will just take their money, and create a new State to rule over them?”
Roman scowled again. “Is this necessary?”
David shrugged. “Depends how you define the word. It is your history, the history of your tribe, the decisions of your ancestors that define how you live now.”
Roman’s eyes darkened. “So I am supposed to – sell you on my ability to defend you, without threatening you?”
David nodded.
Roman took a deep breath. “Well, I would have to give you an account of everything I was doing, all my weapons and – research, or whatever – and that would have to be – verified by someone else, someone independent – maybe a competitor, or all my competitors. And – and I would have to put some money – a lot of money – someplace safe, and I would have to give it up if I was proven to be dishonest about the weapons I had, or what I was developing…”
David raised his hands, as if to clap them together. “Fantastic. Fantastic! ‘Not an entrepreneur…’ Yes – all that happened. And each Defense DRO was competing on price – the price of defending the region. So any DRO that bought more weapons – and you would need a lot to take over a freely armed region – would have to find some way to fund – to pay for that additional weaponry. They would have to borrow, or raise their prices – which means their customers would have to pay more, either way. Also, a bank would have to agree to secretly loan money to a Defense DRO – knowing that this Defense DRO would likely try to create a new State, which would then have coercive power over the bank! Never happened!”
David laced his fingers together.
“Everything in the free market is intertwined. Every loan to a Defense DRO would need to be scrutinized – and we use Bitcoin, of course, so the ledger is public, the loan can’t be hidden. And each Defense DRO is watching the others like a hawk – scanning for any accumulation of hidden weaponry – and if they find any, they advertise it broadly, which would scare the hell out of that rogue DRO’s customers – who
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 233
would immediately stop their payments, causing the dangerous DRO to collapse. And any institution that supported the rogue DRO would also lose customers – and other DROs – the ones dealing with civil disputes like contracts – would stop enforcing any contracts for any rogue institution. Also, the heads of the rogue DRO would be sued into oblivion, for what is called fiduciary misconduct – threatening the value of the entity through immoral actions – and those leaders would lose everything, their houses, their savings, you name it! Remember: there is no corporate shield for institutional leaders. The old question – who watches the watchers? – the only real answer: everyone, through market choice!”
David shook his head.
“No, there’s no incentive to try to re‐create the State – and every incentive to provide regional defense as cheaply and effectively as humanly possible.”
Roman stood up. Something in the abstract conversation was exhausting him. “But – this is what happened. You say.”
David nodded. “This is what happened. Your ancestors created a Defense DRO, and ended up with excessive weaponry – they were funded by foreign governments, to institute a State in the free region and crush our liberties.”
There was a pause.
Roman asked: “How were they caught?”
“Their contract with their customers enforced a monthly audit. Everything was accounted for, all the weapons and research – but there was a mismatch between the energy consumption and the resources produced. A competitor Defense DRO was running a heat scan from orbit, and compared the results to previous months.”
David smiled sadly.
“Those were my ancestors… They publicized the significantly‐increased heatsink and warned the customers of your ancestor’s DRO of the danger. They demanded a more detailed audit – which revealed an underground bunker half‐full of robot drones. There was a massive uproar, as you can imagine – everyone’s worst fears coming true – and their customers cancelled their contracts, and sanctuary and money was offered to any foreign leader or dignitary willing to expose the plot – and a few came forward, with documents confirming it. Your ancestors were tried, but the evidence was beyond overwhelming.”
There was another long pause.
Roman finally said: “Were – was there an offer for them to stay at all?”
“That was a big debate, at the time – the Civ didn’t have a mechanism for ostracism or expulsion without the possibility of restitution, because there had never been crimes of this magnitude before. It’s actually fascinating reading, going over the historical archives. The general consensus was that
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 234
restitution was impossible, given the magnitude of the treachery – treason, really. But some people argued that it was essential that your ancestors be given the choice to stay or to leave – otherwise, it would be easier for them to play the victim. The restitution proposed was pretty significant – lose all property, all contracts, and work as manual labourers for a competitor’s DRO for twenty years.”
Roman pursed his lips. “I thought your lot didn’t do manual labour…”
“Yeah, that’s true – they would have worked alongside robots. But they could have stayed, and their new contracts would have been enforced – and they would have participated in the economy.”
The sun was setting over the ocean outside the curtains. Waving red light danced over David’s face.
“But they chose to rule in hell rather than serve in heaven,” murmured Roman.
David nodded slowly. “They did.”
There was a long silence.
David said: “But in their way, they did an enormous service to the Civ. Sometimes the best thing some people can do is serve as a warning to others. No one ever tried that again.”
“What happened to the – foreign rulers?”
“Oh, they got sick and died,” David said grimly.
Roman nodded.
David stood up and gestured for the curtains to open wide.
Sunlight flooded into the room, making both men flinch.
David rubbed his eyes, then turned to Roman.
“And then, your ancestors passed from the knowledge of the Civ, and went into the wilderness.”
“They were not – sterilized?”
“No, that would be a violation of the nonaggression principle.”
“So, they – bred. That wasn’t considered?”
“It was. But again, we don’t make moral decisions based on consequences, because that is an imagined fantasy. They chose to do wrong, they chose to reject restitution, they chose to leave. What happened after that…”
Roman took a step forward. “But now, it matters. To you.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 235
David sighed. “It’s not personal, Roman. It’s not what matters to me – it’s what matters to morality, to universality, because that is the foundation of everything that we have achieved, and if we break that – if we even crack that – then everything might fall apart.”
Roman snorted bitterly. “That’s an appeal to consequences if I ever heard one!”
David considered this with surprise. “No, you’re right, you’re right… Let me ask you this – if you saw a man about to sleepwalk off a cliff, and fall to his death, would you stop him?”
“Yeah – unless he was an enemy.”
“You are not our enemy,” said David with great seriousness.
“You think I am – sleepwalking?”
David paused. “It’s not important what I think about your motives, or what goes on in your mind, because that’s not objective, it can’t be proven. I do know that you are abusing your children – I know, you call it ‘instruction’ and ‘culture’ and ‘tradition,’ but none of that matters. You strike your children.”
“We do,” said Roman unapologetically.
“You are verbally harsh with your children. You call them names and punish them.”
“They punish themselves, just as you said.”
“What?”
Roman took another step forward.
“You said, about my ancestors, that they chose to do wrong, and avoid restitution – and so they chose to leave. You were enforcing morality, not just punishing individuals, right?”
“Yes.”
“It is the same with us. We have rules for our children – and those rules are not arbitrary, and they are not to be enforced in anger, and they are essential to our survival – and just as my ancestors chose to leave, our children choose punishment, by disobeying the rules.”
David thought for a moment. “But they are – children. Your ancestors made their choices when they were adults.”
“But you say – and you have endlessly repeated – that adult choices are conditioned by childhood experiences – abuse, as you call it. A boy who was abused – even by my standards – who then becomes a criminal is less – responsible – for his criminality, because he was abused, right?”
“That is true,” said David softly. “And that is why we focus so hard on the Scans, and figuring out which children are being abused – and stopping it at the source.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 236
“And – were there Scans, when my ancestors did what they did?”
“There were, but not nearly as accurate…”
“So – if criminality as an adult is based on abuse as a child – what happened to my ancestors, when they were children, that turned them into such criminals?”
David considered this for a long moment.
Roman continued. “I saw you – with great empathy and – tenderness – talking to – Christina, the mother of those two boys, who was violent, but had brain damage from her – tumour – and you did not condemn her, you did not reject her, you did not evict her from your society. She was physically damaged, in her mind – can you tell me with absolute certainty that my ancestors were not also physically damaged, in their minds?”
David whispered: “I cannot.”
“And this is why you cannot consider me an enemy,” said Roman softly, stepping forward again. “Because your ancestors acted with tribal fear and hatred against my ancestors, banishing them against all of this ‘new knowledge’ about child abuse and criminality. You just waved your magic wand called ‘free will’ and kicked them out. You were terrified that your new society might not work – that it might be taken over by another State – so you needed someone on the Cross, someone on Calvary, a scapegoat, an example to scare everyone else. And it worked – you just told me, no one ever tried that again!”
“They were interviewed about their past!” cried David, his cheeks read.
“And I saw you interview Christina about her past. She was not accurate, because her brain was damaged. Memory is a physical thing, right? If my ancestors were damaged, they might not remember what happened! What do you think I have been doing, sitting in this damn room, since you told me?” He tapped his own swarthy forehead violently. “THINKING!”
David opened his mouth, then closed it again.
More softly, Roman asked: “Have you ever interviewed an evil person?”
“Define.”
Roman shrugged. “Well, someone with good Scans as a child, no brain damage, no trauma, no diseases – who just did evil, violated your nonaggression principle.”
“Tough question,” murmured David.
“Tell me,” said Roman, in a slightly mocking tone, imitating David.
David took a step backwards. “Well, if I have never interviewed an evil person, then evil is always brain damage – and therefore not evil, but just a shadow cast by sickness… But if I have interviewed an evil
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 237
person, then you will say that my use of ‘free will’ is just a kind of superstition, a phrase that I paint on behaviours that I cannot understand…”
Roman smiled with grim satisfaction. “That’s right.”
David looked back and forth, as if scanning his memory externally.
“There was always an – explanation,” he said finally.
Roman nodded. “And – was this explanation always provable, through some kind of scan or procedure?”
David paused for a long time.
“I think I felt a – pressure – to come up with an explanation. But at the same time, I guess I felt that if everything could be explained, if we were all just dominoes falling – slabs – from what came before, then there really wasn’t any such thing as ‘morality’…”
Roman grunted and said: “Civilization is over‐complication.”
David shivered. “What do you mean? I feel it, but I don’t – get it.”
Roman shrugged again. “We say to our children: ‘Do what I tell you, or I’ll punish you – and my punishment will be much less than nature’s punishment, so it comes from a place of protection, of love.’ The purpose is survival, the morality is integrity to that survival – but you people are so far from questions of survival that you have just invented ‘morality’ as a justification for your decisions to punish!”
“No, that’s not it at all – it works, it really does work, you can see it all around you! We don’t have any crime, we are safe and secure, we are content, we are happy – utopia has been achieved – and it is not the nightmare of boredom and restlessness that everyone believed it would be, in the past, when they wrote fantastic stories about the future, because those writers were just serving power by telling people that happiness was actually misery, so they should stay enslaved.”
“But…”
“But what?” snapped David.
Roman paused, glancing at the sky, the sea, the coral and bright creatures swaying in the current, the tide.
“But – yeah, it is impressive, what you have achieved, I’m not gonna argue that – but you’ve just trained people to be good, like dogs… By making everyone’s childhood a paradise, you’ve taken away the biological, material fight between the past and the present – maybe that’s for the best, what do I know, I’m just some old warrior from the woods…”
Roman was very close to David’s face. He gestured towards all they had seen – all the wonders and distractions of the Civ, over sky, land and sea…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 238
“But I can tell you this: no one here is ‘good’ anymore – they might be perfect, they might be happy, they might be wonderful, but they are not good, because they have no temptation to be evil, because they are raised sooo peacefully – and maybe that is heaven, maybe that is paradise, but I prefer the tension, I prefer the temptation, I prefer the risk of evil, and if we have to discipline our children in order to maintain that essential humanity…” He shrugged eloquently. “Well…”
“Give your opponents their best arguments…” murmured David.
“What?”
“Nothing, nothing…”
David shook his head, as if clearing water from his ears. He took a deep breath.
“Ok, but tell me – would a more skilled hunter hunt by hand, without bows or spears or any traps or weapons?”
Roman snorted. “Be a crappy hunter…”
“But it would take more skill to catch a deer with your bare hands.”
“Idiot skill.”
“Can you catch a deer with your bare hands?”
Roman scowled and shook his head. “So what?”
“So,” said David steadily, “you are willing to hunt with less skill, in order to hunt better – or more efficiently. It would take more skill to catch a deer with your bare hands – but you’re hungry, so you shoot the deer with an arrow!”
“So?” demanded Roman.
David paused, collecting his thoughts. “So, you reduce your free will – your choices – in order to be more efficient, in order to be better! You could still choose to throw your bow and arrow aside, and try and tackle the deer – but you never would, because it wouldn’t work! And if you proposed that to your hunting party, they would laugh at you, even though you might be able to achieve it with everyone working together. So – you have shrunk your choices, in order to improve the outcome. In other words, ‘skill’ doesn’t mean ‘maximum ability,’ but rather ‘best outcome.’ A skilled hunter brings home the most meat – he doesn’t have the very best possible ability, because the ability only matters in getting the meat!”
“Your point?”
“So – we have removed – or reduced – some choices, in order to have the best possible outcome, just like you remove some choices – tackling deer – in order to get the best possible outcome, which is
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 239
getting meat! A one‐armed bowman would need more skill than a two‐armed bowman, but you don’t cut off one arm because more skill is always better skill, right?”
Roman refused to answer. More deepening sunlight filled the room. The shadows of fish swam against the far wall.
David continued: “So by raising children peacefully, they end up reasonable, peaceful, productive, happy – the skill is in the happiness, not in the ‘overcoming of temptation’ – just as for you, the skill is in getting the meat, not overcoming artificial obstacles like cutting off an arm or trying to catch deer by hand. You use your technology to focus your skills on the goals – and so do we! Our technology is called ‘peaceful parenting,’ and the goal is happiness – the methodology is virtue.”
“But it’s not virtue if you don’t choose it!” shouted Roman.
“Virtue is not the choice, but the method – just as a hunter’s ‘skill’ is not his goal, but actually getting the meat! The ability serves the purpose, the purpose is the point! We are just removing the obstacles to consistent virtue – reason leads to virtue leads to happiness, and child abuse undermines our capacity for reason, which makes virtue incredibly challenging, and happiness endlessly elusive. We don’t cripple our children in the pursuit of happiness, just as you don’t cripple your hunters in the pursuit of meat. Nobody wakes up and really wants to be ‘virtuous’ – virtue is the means to the end, which is happiness!”
Roman leaned forward and snarled: “That’s just the pathetic love of pleasure, wanting to be ‘happy’ all the time – a lazy drug‐addicted bunch of crap! We are men, goddamn it! We are born to strive, to struggle, to overcome obstacles…” He lifted up his arm and flexed his bicep. “Our souls – ourselves – are like muscles, they only strengthen with resistance – and you have taken away all resistance, and become flaccid and loose and lazy!”
David exhaled. “You get angry when I strike a nerve.”
Roman paced back and forth. “Don’t try to control my anger by categorizing it, that’s – girlish…”
David said: “You go back tomorrow.”
Roman glared at David. “And if I want to stay?”
David shook his head. “You can’t.”
“Like my ancestors. Yet I have committed no crime.”
“You have,” said David flatly. “You have abused your children.”
“They are my children!” snarled Roman.
“No, they are not. They belong to the world, to morality – and to themselves, which you cannot violate.”
Roman almost smirked. “Yet you are sending me out into exile. You will not gather my Clan in nets and put us in a zoo here – our children will remain ours!”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 240
David put his hands squarely on his hips.
“No – saying that your children are exempt from morality is like saying that your children are exempt from gravity. Morality is objective, universal – it is the laws of interaction between objects – like the laws of physics, but with people.”
“And how do you intend to enforce these laws, if you turn me out? The laws of physics don’t require your intervention.”
David stared at Roman, then murmured: “Strike me.”
Roman paused. “It’s not – it’s not a violation of your nonaggression principle if you ask me, right?”
David shook his head.
Roman curled his fist, raised it – and then a floating pink blonde baby carved a smoking hole through the white wall and shot an bright blue arrow into his spine.
Chapter 29
Roman refused to be delivered back to his tribe on a sky bus – “Like a package!” – so he and David disembarked a short distance away, and covered the remaining distance on foot. A footlesser – a giant crate that transported itself, though not on feet – followed them at a medium distance.
As they strode under the sliding shadow‐branches of the trees, David cast occasional glances at Roman’s set face. The older warrior was busy concocting some kind of story to explain the new developments – David could understand that, see that clearly, but he gave Roman his space, not wanting to interfere in whatever face‐saving narrative the older man was creating.
“You wouldn’t let me scan for them,” said David eventually. “How do you know where the tribe is?”
Roman grunted. “Our movements are not random.”
He was not disposed to say anything more, so the pair walked in silence – David behind Roman, who had a surer sense of where the firm footfalls were.
“I’m sorry you wouldn’t take any of our – parenting consultants,” said David.
“We’ll figure it out.”
After a while, they climbed a small mossy hill, and stared down into a wide shallow depression, full of cherry trees, tangled undergrowth and darting birds.
Roman said: “It’s an old crater.”
“From the Cataclysms,” murmured David.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 241
“We have a – story, in our Clan, that we were first kicked out of hell, and then we were kicked out of heaven…”
Again, he refused to elaborate. After a minute or two, Roman moved suddenly, stepping down the mossy rocks into the depression below.
The members of the Clan were lying in the shade of the cherry trees, escaping the stealthy rise of the noonday heat. Children played a game of catching petals as they fell. David was reminded how little work people did in the distant past – and in the present, too. In most of Ancient Europe, serfs worked only twenty hours or so a week, and over the winter months, families mostly huddled under blankets, telling stories and conserving heat. Ancient Spain had five months of holidays a year. The truly manic – and frankly unsustainable – workaholism really took root from the nineteenth to the twenty first centuries. Early on, it was because the Industrial Revolution was building capital from nothing – later on, it was because taxes were so high that everyone had to work insane hours just to keep up.
A few young males jumped to their feet a short distance apart as Roman approached, and thumped their right hands against their chests.
They greeted Roman using a word that David did not understand – he returned their greeting, thumping his own chest.
Word quickly spread, and Roman’s two sons came and knelt before him. He touched their foreheads in a strangely tender gesture; they stood and hugged him, joined in a moment by his wife.
David stood awkwardly as the tribe hugged and chatted. Apparently there was a lot to catch up on – births, great hunts, two deaths – one natural – and three ‘new beards.’
From what David could hear, Roman evaded any detailed examination of his time in the Civ. Vague replies floated past faces eager to tell their own stories.
The leader is gone, thought David, and the people just organize themselves…
Eventually, Roman disengaged from the crowd, and leapt nimbly onto a tree stump – always proud of his physical strength and dexterity.
His face shone with what looked like genuine enthusiasm, and David noticed how much of tribal leadership is theatre.
“Comrades!” cried Roman. “I bring knowledge and new rules to us! This man here – David – is a ruler in his own tribe – although he would not call himself that – and we have returned with some – new ideas. I am always thinking of what is best for all of us, best for the tribe, and – David and I have come to an agreement, an understanding. As you know, in every negotiation, no one gets exactly what they want, but you find some way to meet in the – middle. This is the middle – I agree with some of it, I don’t agree with all of it, but… This is what we have decided.”
He took a deep breath, gesturing at the falling petals and darting blackbirds.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 242
“We know that Nature is – harsh, unforgiving. Mistakes – she punishes them with maiming or death. We have always respected that, and raised our children to respect Nature, to have discipline, lose their fear of pain, embrace hardship – and survive!
“What they call ‘the Civ’ – short for ‘the civilization,’ a prideful word, as if there were only one – has taken a different – approach. They keep Nature at a distance, they keep their feet on the neck of Nature, they seem to – dominate her completely – and they are doing well, in their way – again, I don’t agree with everything that they do, and every outcome they have embraced, but my visit to their world has given me the idea that…”
David could see Roman struggling mightily with his speech, and almost expected the older man to call him in to finish the thoughts, but he cleared his throat and continued.
“As you know, this entire – affair – began because of my son, and David’s daughter. She is raised…” Roman’s voice cracked slightly. “They call it Peaceful Parenting – I have called it weakness and spoiling and coddling, but – and this took me a while to understand, so I have to sprint through what you are learning – I hope that you will continue to trust me, as you always have…” He cleared his throat again. “I first thought, when I looked at their buildings and machines and ease, that they didn’t have to – discipline – their children, because they had mastered Nature so completely… I don’t know if mastering Nature so greatly comes with risk, but they have done it for a long time, and nothing – really bad seems to be occurring, or coming, so I guess at some point imagining disaster just becomes a kind of curse we are putting on the Civ for reasons of…”
David scanned the men, women and children in a semicircle around Roman. Although a dispassionate observer might accuse Roman of rambling, watching a leader think in real‐time was fascinating to them – as it would be to anyone.
“So – I thought they were – soft on their kids – because they had conquered Nature, and turned their machines into – slaves, or not slaves but – workers, I guess. But David tells me that is not the case. They have not achieved such control and ease…” He shook his head rapidly. “They are not soft on their kids because they have conquered Nature – they have conquered Nature because they were soft on their kids, or – not soft, but…” He grimaced. “I hate to say ‘reasonable,’ because there is reason in what we do as well – strong reason – but they do not punish their children, and so Nature – or the cycle of history – does not punish them!”
The last four words sank deep into the listening tribe. There was a silence and concentration in the air – as there always is when an essential truth is circled and approached.
David wanted to say: it’s not about controlling Nature, but held his tongue. Roman needed to be in charge here.
“Now, they have this rule, the nonaggression principle, which is you can’t start the use of force against others – even if you think that will – help your children, in the future, as we do. Hitting children, punishing children, yelling, harsh words even – these are forbidden, in the Civ…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 243
David’s eyes narrowed at the mistake – they are forbidden universally, according to morality, to Universally Preferable Behaviour – not just in the Civ, as a kind of cultural or local preference. He wanted to leap up and proclaim the truth, but once more bit his tongue – and the funny thought passed through his mind, that he was initiating force against himself…
Roman continued: “Now the people in the Civ, they hold this to be a – universal value, a global truth, so to speak, though I imagine it is true on other worlds as well…” Roman smiled painfully. “And they hold this to be true here, in this tribe, in our world.”
Roman’s wife scowled. “Why – words?”
He looked at her expectantly.
She continued: “Even if we – accept the rules they have, for their own children, I don’t get why harsh words are the same as spanking. I thought they were all about ‘free speech.’”
Roman shrugged, turning to David.
David stood up and said: “Hi, hello, good morning. Great question. We have machines to measure how a child’s brain – develops. Harsh words have a measurable negative effect on a developing brain. The moral rules that govern parents and children are different from those governing adults. Like – I don’t have an obligation to feed every child in the world, but if I’m raising my child, I am obligated to feed that child, because by keeping him at home, I am preventing other people from feeding him.”
“What the hell does that have to do with free speech?” demanded Roman’s wife, her lips taut with tension.
“You are free to swear at me,” replied David, “because I am not obligated to listen – I can leave at any time – and because my brain is already fully developed. You are free not to feed me, as well, because I’m an adult, so I can get food anywhere, and my body is already fully developed. If I was your child, you would not be free to starve me, because my body is developing, and you are my sole source of food. In the same way, you are not free to verbally abuse your child, who is in an unchosen relationship with you. You chose to have a child; your child did not choose you as a parent – and is not free to leave. Children are like prisoners of Nature, which means that the very highest moral standards apply to parents. We also have very strong rules against what is called defamation – destroying people’s reputations by lying about them – and a parent who verbally abuses a child is defaming that child, by calling him ‘stupid’ or ‘lazy’ or ‘clumsy’ – or worse. It harms the child’s view of himself, and it is false.”
Roman’s wife squared her hips belligerently. “Are you saying that there are no stupid or lazy children?”
Roman’s sons took a step back, away from their mother.
David pursed his lips. “When you hunt, and you shoot an arrow, and the arrow misses, is it the fault of the arrow?”
She did not answer.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 244
“Is it the fault of the bow perhaps? Or the deer you are shooting at?”
Silence.
“What about your fingers? Are they to blame, should they be punished?”
Angry silence.
David could not resist – he turned to Roman. “Do you see what I mean when I say that raising children harshly does not make them stronger – you see she will not even respond to my questions?”
Roman scowled. “They are stupid questions – and I can say that, because you are not my child!”
There was a murmur of tense laughter around the half‐circle.
David said: “If your child is stupid, then either you have taught him badly, or he has a physical problem with his brain. If you have taught him badly, then you are like a silly hunter blaming the arrow for missing. If his brain is physically damaged, then you are insulting him for something beyond his control. The word ‘stupid’ implies a misuse of the brain – we don’t call dogs ‘stupid’ because they can’t read or write. If your brain is physically damaged, you cannot be insulted for its deficiencies – that would be like calling a man with no legs ‘lazy’ because he does not walk, or a very old man ‘lazy’ because he does not run.”
Roman smiled scantily. “They are tricky, these wordsmiths from the Civ.”
David noticed that all the children of the tribe were leaning forward.
Roman said: “I had these debates – and more, and more and more and more – when I was in the Civ. And – to return – and – for us to live as we see fit, here in the wilderness, we have agreed to – to…”
“To what?” asked his wife scornfully. “What have you agreed to – on our behalf?”
“It’s a very strange tale, so it is probably better to show than to say,” replied Roman slowly.
He turned to David, who waved his hand in the air.
A giant red container floated nimbly over the tangled trees at the edge of the ancient crater.
The tribe cried out, dove into battle positions and readied their weapons.
Roman cried out: “Be at peace, it is not dangerous!”
Yet, said David silently.
Roman added: “This might be a bit surprising! Be at peace!”
The container settled on the ground – crushing some berry bushes and scattering a gray rabbit – and opened its lid.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 245
Two dozen pink babies floated up into the silent air, smiling radiantly.
There were cries and screams from the assembled tribespeople – although a few of the girls looked at the floating babies with rapt attention.
“Don’t shoot!” called Roman, but it was too late.
Two arrows flew towards the floating babies – and then froze in midair, and snapped in two. As one, the floating babies drew their own bows and readied their own crackling arrows.
David said: “These are called ‘Angels’ – they are here to protect your children. They will not harm you in return as yet, but you cannot attack them!”
One mother grabbed two young children and started dragging them away from the clearing. They cried out in fear and surprise.
Immediately, an Angel flew directly above her.
“Release your hold on the children!” it instructed in its strange deep voice.
David suddenly realized that this was all moving too fast – but then, at the same time, he also thought: Meh, might as well get it over with as quickly as possible…
The mother turned and spat at the Angel. It hovered above her, and repeated its instruction. The children – quite young – burst into tears.
She turned to Roman, her eyes wide, angry, helpless.
He said: “Let them go.”
Clearly against her will, she slowly let go of her children.
“Thank you,” said the Angel politely.
Her children burrowed into her rough skirt, clutching at her hips.
The Angel hung over them in silence.
Elsewhere, there were cries and screams, people running back and forth. One father pulled his children into a rough stained tepee.
Immediately, an Angel flew to the opening.
Screaming, the man tried to push the floating baby away, but it dodged his hands.
Using laced ties, the man worked to close the opening of the tepee.
“I cannot see the children,” said the Angel impassively. “Please do not hide the children from me.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 246
As the confrontation materialized, people stopped their frantic movements and turned to look at the tepee.
The man screamed vile epithets at the Angel, and continued to lace up the opening with his shaking hands.
“I cannot see the children,” repeated the Angel. “Please allow me to see the children. And please do not curse in front of the children.”
The man cursed again, and finally finished lacing up the opening.
Everyone watched in wonder as the baby’s blue eyes glowed for a moment, and – with a brief round flash of red light – the animal hide suddenly showed a bright hole, just wider than the Angel. The Angel moved through the hole, into the tepee.
The man screamed again, and his fingers appeared under the tepee. Jerking upwards, he ripped the side of the tepee from the ground, and it began to collapse behind him.
There was a strangely comical moment while the Angel – hidden from view by the animal hide – held the tepee aloft – then there was another flash of light, another hole, and the Angel once more hung over the man, who huddled with his children, his face white.
“Thank you for letting me see the children again,” said the Angel.
The man glared up, hatred in his dark eyes. His hands clenched – everyone could see that he was preparing to leap.
“DON’T DO IT!” screamed Roman. “Calm down, everyone! Be at peace!”
Roman’s wife strode up to him and shook his shoulders. “You unbelievable idiot, what are you bringing these – these demon babies here for? Oh great, here it comes!”
An Angel baby zoomed over her, through a blossoming cherry tree, ripping pink petals in its wake. Its smile had vanished.
“Please do not attack the man. This is your final warning.”
She drew her head back scornfully. She smiled, then reached forward to hug Roman, keeping her eye on the floating infant.
He flinched – but embraced her back.
There was a subtle movement – underneath her voluminous skirts, a sudden shift.
Roman stifled a groan.
There was a raised bow, a sudden flash – and Roman’s wife went staggering backwards, her hair smoking slightly.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 247
“Please do not strike the man in his genitals,” said the Angel, lowering its bow.
With a blur of instinct, Roman turned to the Angel and drew his fist back.
The Angel raised its bow again. “Do not strike me.”
Everyone stopped moving at this point, starting at the scene: the Angel with its raised bow and blue crackling arrow – and the primitive hunter, his fist raised against the Angel, the protector of the helpless – against morality itself, against any limit on his instinct for violence…
The baby broke into a disarming smile. A woman’s voice came out of its tiny pink mouth: “Please lower your fist, friend!”
Roman’s wife turned to David and screamed: “TURN THEM THE HELL OFF!”
David shook his head. “I cannot turn them off – and wouldn’t even if I could. For me – for us – it would be like turning off gravity.”
A grim sense of helplessness and terror swept across the tribe, scattered in the crater of an ancient war. All the brutalities and beatings and sarcasm and insults that had accumulated hatred and damage within them – all the little violations that had led to the global Cataclysms – all seemed arrested in the tangled depression left by a long‐vanished bomb.
And – and the silver line between the hands raised against the children, and the bombs dropped on the adults, seemed to suddenly stretch tight and taut in the minds of everyone – Roman, his wife, the man with his children, David, the tribe – and the coming of the Angels that actually protected people – children – in the here and now – seemed to summon all the devils that most needed to be banished…
Chapter 30
David had to flee for safety – not his own, because the Angels would have protected him, but because the ferocity of the Tribal adults was so intense that he was concerned that they would be shocked within an inch of their lives if he stayed.
He sat in the sky‐taxi, alone in the white pews, heading back to the Civ, his heart pounding so hard in his chest that it felt like a boxer trying to punch his way out of a curved white cage.
It was a brush with the Ancient World, the world before the Civ, and – although he had read and studied history for decades, being dropped into the bubbling cauldron of primitive violence deeply shocked his system.
He didn’t know how to frame it in his own mind – his relationship with his daughter was so peaceful and enjoyable that it seemed – it was – incomprehensible to him that parents would voluntarily choose to assault their own children for the voodoo crime of ‘disobedience.’
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 248
David loved his wife – it was similarly incomprehensible to him that husbands would choose to assault their wives – the supposed loves of their lives – for any reason at all.
Don’t they know that the dark joy of immediate triumph comes at the expense of all future love? Don’t they know that they are shredding their own hearts on the altar of vanity and victory?
It is always the way, when looking back into the past – even when the past erupts into the present and tries to claw you back. The decisions of the self‐destructive are incomprehensible to even basic morality. To trade future comfort, security, support and love for the sake of ape‐like dominance in the here and now is so fundamentally irrational that it is hard not to view such impulses as the result of foundational brain damage – a form of self‐mutilation designed to appease the dark gods of personal prehistory.
David had once read the diary of a woman from centuries past, who did little but insult the man she claimed to love – and only accepted ‘negotiations’ in the form of abject and groveling apologies and submission. She triumphed in this, genuinely believing that she was all‐wise, all‐knowing, and that her boyfriend – and later, at least for a few short months, fiancé – was a kind of idiot puppy who needed to be trained with the stern whips of sexuality and scorn.
She was so desperately insecure that she hid advertisements that came in the mail depicting attractive women. She fueled her own vanity with dreams of a career in the arts – but only used these fantasies to escape having to make any real decisions in her life. Her boyfriend became more and more successful, which made her more and more bitter and neurotic. She was greedy for his income, but terrified of his growing confidence, and alternated between praising his achievements, and cutting down his pride.
She was able to regard and review her own darker impulses, but helpless to change them. Reading her diary was like watching someone trapped on a conveyor belt, being fed into a grinding machine that took months to crush her into a flat puddle of pure regret.
When he brought her to social functions, she remained paralyzed with fear – and projected all her insecurities onto his imaginary social gaffes, grinding down his security on the drive home, making up all sorts of fantastical offenses she perceived him creating.
She became exhausting – by her own admission, she was tired of herself – but she had no ability, it seemed, to be able to pull the reins back on the horses dragging her to her doom. She whipped them, perhaps to just get it over with…
It didn’t take very long for her fiancé to realize that she was not a superior being handing down hard‐ earned approval to his inferior and awkward self – instead, she was a shaming‐spiral neurotic pushing herself into a field she had no intentions of mastering, because of vanity‐laced ‘girl power’ propaganda.
Inevitably, he left her – and she contacted him, years later, over some inconsequential paperwork, when she was paralyzed, and he was a great success.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 249
She complained of feeling lonely – hoping to trigger his white‐knight responses – and he merely replied: “You are alone with being right.”
Some sentences are like an axe that descends on the stump of our lives, splitting it in two, sending the shattered sides spiraling in opposite directions. This sentence did it for her – she hung up in a panic, and was never the same afterwards.
So much of life, of society – of culture and the arts – is designed to keep the shortest, shattering sentences out of our own ears.
She was never the same. She followed his subsequent successful marriage obsessively, raging that his new wife had inherited the improved man that she, his former girlfriend, had created out of the unproven clay of his broken self.
Thus might you dig for weeks – then take a short break, and find someone walking away with a diamond you had almost unearthed – it was impossible for her not to feel stolen from; that another woman had inherited all of her hard work and reforming strictness.
David read her diary and – as anyone would when confronted with the intimate and unspoken thoughts of those long dead – wondered what had become of the woman. Did she ever find wisdom? It seemed impossible – David knew enough about human nature to know that the first twenty‐four hours after a significant moral mistake are crucial. If she justified her own errors – and he could see it, page after page, word after word – in fact, the entire diary seemed to serve that purpose – then not only would she not learn, she would never be able to learn. She was writing a fiction about her virtue and moving into the sky‐castle of her vanity, away from everyone…
What we justify, we repeat. The justification and the repetition are one and the same… Excuses are promises of repetition.
It was so hard for David to understand this perspective in history, because the Civ was founded on the repudiation of vanity. Vanity demands that we never admit fault – that we become infallible gods in the fantastical pantheon of our own professions – but all foundational societal progress results from the most elemental self‐criticism of all: the fundamental question – Am I wrong?
Morally: Am I evil?
A person – a culture – that can never ask that question must project all its immorality onto those who deviate from vanity. Vanity requires the most fundamental un‐originality regarding empirical information – you can only ever believe what serves your happiness – your relief – in the moment – you must never compare your resulting actions to universal standards, because your self‐hyped vanity will evaporate under the infinite constellations of absolute morality.
This long‐dead woman had obviously created her sense of self on the wobbly altar of superiority – which condemned her to constantly denigrate those around her. For her, there was no height without depth; there was no ceremony of the self without the sweaty dug graves of others.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 250
She sailed through her life, through her squandered ambitions, her fading fertility, her aging and souring face – utterly convinced of the rightness of her position, and the wrongness of the world that failed to support her vanity.
She felt herself to be right – and the days and years that she used to reinforce her justifications were like the days and years that pass after a person goes missing. The first hours – the first day or two – are the most crucial… The odds of finding a person alive after a decade are virtually zero. In the same way, the odds of foundational self‐criticism emerging after decades of self‐justification and blame are also virtually zero. It happens – just as you can jump out of a plane from a great height and somehow land without injury – but it’s not something you should ever count on…
And her demands grew – every man she met was required to reinforce her justifications, to join her in burning the endless effigies of people long‐gone from her life. Wasn’t he so terrible, aren’t I right, don’t you agree, I wasn’t to blame, he did me wrong – these demands to be initiated into the inner cult of her vanity were endless, and drove everyone of any quality out of her life…
And then – and then, the Cataclysms began – more rapidly than anyone outside of philosophers imagined – and her mortality was suddenly served up to her, and the self‐nagging of endlessly propping up her own imagined virtues suddenly collapsed, and she was faced with real and present danger – of hunger and the hunt for food and the rape of the roaming – and her anxiety overwhelmed her, and she ran to men for protection – men who abused her – but she could no longer afford to put them down, because she needed them – and her random scribblings grew more and more disjointed and desperate – her last entry was a frantic plan to escape from the guarded settlement that was her sanctuary and her prison, because she had been designated a ‘useless eater’ due to her age and infertility…
Nothing came into her mind – or her writing – of any use or depth or value whatsoever.
The fact that she had milked her looks, avoided motherhood, insulted good men for failing to support her fantasies – that she was a former feminist who had built a certain road to her end‐role as a bitter, scorned and rejected concubine – that she could no longer manipulate resources out of the desperate and gullible – that all of her power had faded into nothing – and she had invested nothing into her relationships – she had no nieces or cousins who loved her, no aunts or uncles grateful for her gentle ministrations of their aging illnesses – she had consumed others, satisfying only their lust and thirst for subjugation – she had no reciprocity in her relationships, she gave away only what she had not earned – her beauty – she generated no new values – or value – and she busily remonstrated with the gods of her own fate that she could no longer vote her way out of her dangerous and decaying subjugation…
“The true nature of men has been laid bare…” she scribbled in her last entry – heading out to death as surely as she had lived, without a glimmer of insight into her own role in creating the world she now fled.
Really, thought David, reading her last words with a sinking heart – what could she possibly say, at this point?
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 251
‘I created a world of brutality by greedily inflicting falsehoods on the insecure? I used others – now I am wretched that I am being used?
When the central principle of people’s lives manifests around them – when their living of that principle creates the monsters that enslave them – their vanity demands that they take no responsibility for the world they made…
And so the woman – now 50 – disappeared into the night, into the wilderness, leaving her diary behind, probably as a testament she imagined would generate endless pity for her in the future – instead of the sorrow and horror that David felt. His mind was tempted to follow her into the wilderness, to wonder what happened to her, a used‐up woman who had used others up, but he had to draw a stern line around his own wandering imagination.
We must learn from history, not follow fools into their own graves…
On reading the diary – found on a burnt scrap of hard drive after the Cataclysms – David felt the kind of chill that he supposed former readers of ancient history had experienced when reading about the tortures and mutilations committed by ancient tribes against themselves, and their children. The ancient South American culture of the Aztecs believed that the tears of children would produce the abundant rains necessary for their crops – so priests would physically torture the children to collect their tears – before slaughtering them. Their parents would sing and applaud the sacrifice.
Cannibalism, the murder of infants and children – rape as a weapon of war, the habit of some ancient tribes to carve a hole through the base of the penis of a boy going through puberty – these prehistoric horrors sent ice through the veins of all researchers with a shred of conscience – what David read about in the decades before the Cataclysms was a form of spiritual self‐mutilation.
The concept of ‘sin’ had been cast aside, and all the accumulated and concentrated wisdom of self‐ broken people casting their bitter knowledge back in time, like black pearls of revulsion and repulsion – the seven deadly sins, the ‘ape categories’ of self‐destructive behaviours – the mere mammals versus the sublime angels – the rocket of escape from the greedy meat‐pockets of mere flesh – propelling the blind photocopying of genetics up to the super‐human sky‐castles of universal abstractions – the acceleration into the airless sky that felt like dying – all of this was lost – and no one thought for a second about why sin existed, why the punishments of hell and the rewards of heaven had to be so extravagant – how much the greedy apes of our meaty natures scrabbled in the ground of fighting and sex and food and laziness, terrified of losing their fur, their certainty in the pursuit of their lusts, so afraid of anything greater than muscle and semen – so that all abstractions – moral abstractions in particular – hunted them like ghosts, as they raced through the jungles, through the cities – and eventually, through the sewers, hiding from the radiation – chased and hunted by their own super‐ human potential, which nagged and bullied and bribed and humiliated them as they squatted over the prey of their own higher selves. They were hunted because they had hunted. They refused to pray, and so became prey – the prey of ignorance and greed and the mad manic desire of all flesh to satisfy itself in the moment, and to hell – literally, to hell – with the true and the beautiful and the good. Paints were
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 252
snatched to cover the face in the bright rainbows of war – to re‐create a sunset on the wall of the cave was incomprehensible.
Women prettied themselves in order to be assaulted – men grew muscles in order to strut and stride. Language was used to chisel guilt and resources from the morally sensitive. Morality was destroyed in order to be replaced by the hysterical attacks of a mob. Conscience – the thumbprint of divine universals on the mind‐muscles of the moment – was destroyed, replaced by the lust for destruction common to all who have surrendered their common humanity for the sake of the self‐shredding pleasure of approval.
Parents were easily taught to abandon their children to the machine‐monsters of State indoctrination. Mothers fled the dark warmth of the nurturing cribs to blink and shrivel under wage‐slave fluorescent lights, handing over their screaming babies to scornful, indifferent and underpaid foreigners.
The basics of science cracked and shattered – taken over by the State, science was turned into a weapon against the common sense of the tax cattle. Science became a giant club to destroy and de‐platform anyone skeptical of the objectivity of vacant bureaucrats in white coats sucking at the teat of billions of dollars of made‐up money…
History was a madhouse that only seemed ‘normal’ to those incarcerated by the accidents of time.
Everyone looked back to prior ages with the delicate revulsion of horror – and then turned their gazes to their own creeping insanities with the complacency of habitual normalcy.
All who came before us were mad and evil, in equal measures – but my world is the end of history, the sane and serene harbour that all the broken ships of the past have taken refuge in…
As David rocketed away from the warring Tribe, he wept.
He wept at the arcs of light that flashed through the forest, as the Angels threw their electric shields over the futures of the children.
He wept at the madness of the parents, destabilized to the point of self‐dissolution at the absolute lightning protection of their victims – morality finally as a true bolt out of the blue.
He wept with relief that the madness of history had finally come to a close with the Civ.
He wept with relief that he had never had to weigh his future desire for children with the fear that the growing madness of the world would swallow them whole.
He wept at his time‐window view of cultures lost in history, arising in the present only as the most terrible reminder of everything humanity had escaped…
He wept for the thousand generations of parents who unknowingly created predatory rulers by preying on their own children.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 253
But mostly, he wept because he was free to escape the madhouse – the violence and evil – of the past by flying through the brisk air back to the Civ – while the children behind and below him snarled and dodged and rebelled and taunted, protected at last by the electric arms of the flying Angels.
Chapter 31
Roman’s sons were named Ain and Kable. Ain was in his mid‐teens, Kable a year or two younger.
Everyone thinks that the most important relationships in childhood are with the parents – which is only true if there are no siblings. Like most primitive older brothers, Ain was consumed by the unearned privilege of an early birth. He was taller, of course – stronger, faster at everything except sprinting, a naturally gifted athlete and hunter. Kable was more sensitive, more drawn to their mother, more dreamy and abstract – and thus more subject to scorn and humiliation at the hands of his older brother.
Vanity is rage spread thin – Ain could be bitterly funny, but was also perpetually angry. Some people have the disorienting habit of switching emotions without transition – from laughter to rage in a moment; Ain was one of those, and Kable learned quite early to not bother trying to figure out his brother’s moods, or trying to appease or placate them.
They were both raised in the harsh straitjacket of grim necessity – babies died, women expired in childbirth, infected fingers had to be hacked off, the hunting herds had to be followed, the conveyor belt of food had to run constantly. You had to hunt when you were starving, and give food to those who had stayed home. Elders were respected – venerated even – until they consumed more than they could possibly produce, at which point they were expected to take a noble stroll to nowhere.
Over many years, a strange bifurcation had occurred in the culture of the Tribe. They had a few solar powered book‐libraries; they taught their children to read, debated philosophy and morality – and whether there were any limits to the duties owed to the Tribe. They had fallen from a high place, which was very different from rising from a low place. Their natural intelligence prevented them from falling too far; they had actually become the mythical creatures talked about so often throughout the ages: the Noble Savages. They spun complicated stories, invented endless songs, learned and taught complex dances – and justified their Spartan lives with appeals to abstract principles of self‐reliance, unadorned natural living and the usual environmentalist fantasies that technology was a wall between mortals and their true humanity.
They did not revere Nature, but viewed her as a blind, tough adversary. Almost unknown to themselves, they were part of the sentimental nostalgia common to all human history, where people living complicated lives cast their minds back to an imaginary simplistic vision of hunting and eating and sleeping. The stress of civilization has always turned to imaginary dust in the face of spear‐throwing, face‐painting and crapping in a hole.
Their lives were occasionally stressful, but the stress never lasted for long – unlike the Old World, which seemed designed to slowly murder people by incrementally drowning them in endless cortisol. It is hard
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 254
to enjoy your life if you are trapped on a ship that takes fifty years to sink – in the Old World, the unsustainability of the system was deeply felt by the Ice People – those who had evolved with the instinctive stress‐measurement of the longevity of proposed resources. Can we make it through the winter? Those carefree souls who failed to answer this basic question accurately froze in their huts come March.
The Old World had no chance of lasting – mathematically, demographically, morally – in any and every way – and those trapped in its cripplingly‐slow decay choked, suffocated and drowned in their own rising stress. The human system of survival – the adrenaline‐dumps of sprinting from predators – were stretched to unbearable lengths; hormonal responses designed to last minutes were stretched out to decades, and people turned into fitful ghosts, dragging the chains of their own mismatched biology.
Neither the parents nor the children slept the first night that the Angels hovered overhead, outlined against the ghost‐clouds and stars. Sudden shifts in elemental power can scarcely be navigated by the trauma‐frozen mental maps we use to navigate brutal authority.
The parents were beyond uneasy – they no longer felt like parents, in fact.
At some point, about halfway through that dismal night, Roman threw aside his covers and stepped out of his tent.
It was a starry night, and a slow breeze brought chill hints of the coming winter. The constellations blazed and shivered, supremely indifferent to the mad changes in the world they barely lit.
Roman coughed, hoping to summon other parents.
Almost immediately, tent‐flaps opened, and parents came filing out from their sleepless teepees. Gratifyingly, no children emerged.
Roman gestured for the parents to follow him towards a low tangle of cherry trees.
Immediately, an Angel flashed before him, saying: “Please do not leave the children unsupervised.”
Roman grunted and nodded, feeling a choking stab of rage. He turned around, and gestured for the fire to be re‐lit in the center of the encampment.
The parents all sat cross‐legged in a circle.
The Angels ringed them, like the outer rim of an arrow target.
One man with thick black hair said: “I could skin your goddamned kids, Roman.”
An Angel appeared on his left shoulder and said: “Please note that some children are awake. This statement is unacceptable.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 255
Roman said: “Let’s talk about raising goats.”
A shiver of nervous laughter ran around the dark circle.
He turned to the closest hovering Angel: “That okay with you, you fat floating freak?”
Roman could see the firelight reflected in the twin floating dolls‐eyes of the baby.
Silence.
Roman turned and said: “I don’t know how the hell you are supposed to raise goats without discipline.”
A father grunted. “Those damn things will eat you out of house and home unless you put fences up.”
A mother said: “And what on earth do we do with the – goats, if all the fences come down, and they’re used to fences, and they just – wander around, getting in the way, not being productive – and not listening, being – disobedient…”
Another father whispered: “They’re just going to turn on us. They’re going to – butt us, in our sleep. It’s going to be a – war.”
A woman said: “How the hell am I supposed to raise goats totally different from how I – all of us – were parented? We might as well just try and invent some new clicking language…”
The circle of blue eyes hovered impassively.
Another man growled: “Look at us here, sitting in the night, whispering like thieves, hoping we don’t get our asses stung by electricity – what kind of authority figures are we supposed to be for our – goats?”
A wide‐eyed woman said: “Make no mistake – this is the end of us. Roman says we came from the Civ – all right, we live hard out here, that’s our way – it had honour because we kept to the path, and we could teach our kids – goat kids, you floating freaks – but if it all ends here, if we can’t – be ourselves, with our goats, them what the hell was the point of freezing our asses off out here all these years – we might as well have just ‐ plugged into the Civ, with honey and heat and robot butlers and whatnot. It doesn’t just make a lie of us, here and now, but of everything, in the past, that we…”
Her eloquence failed her, and she sunk into a gloomy silence.
“I won’t have it!” cried another man suddenly, turning defiantly to the floating Angels. “There has to be some – way.”
Silence and smiles from the floating blue eyes…
Roman grunted and said: “I went over all this with David. They have us beat. Even if we could – disable them, they’ll just send more. They can hear everything, see everything, cut through everything, report home…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 256
An older woman burst into tears. “God – it can’t be – it can’t be – so hopeless! I don’t know how to even wake up tomorrow! How are we going to get them to do what we want?”
“What we need,” said the dark‐haired man evenly.
“We sacrificed so much,” said another man softly, gesturing into the night. “There’s a line of – ancestors, going out to the horizon, all shaking their heads and wishing they could come back to life to knock some sense back into us!”
A woman said, tearfully: “Who are we, if we are not – in charge?”
Everyone suddenly looked at Roman. They could see – almost scrolling across his face – the words: I don’t know…
One of the Angels turned to him.
“Scans show no goats in the vicinity. Please do not use analogies when discussing your children.”
The dark‐haired man jumped up, shouting with rage, and leapt at the Angel – which darted nimbly up, escaping his outstretched fingers.
The floating baby smiled. “Please do not attack the Angels. Everyone gets one warning.”
One woman said: “Would it – be helpful if we – got some – actual goats? Then we could…”
Roman sighed. “It won’t do much good to try and outsmart them. They’ve been battle‐tested, so to speak, in just about every environment. They beat the whole world…” He stood up. “No – we will have to find – another way.”
Everyone’s eyes stared at him expectantly, hopefully.
He shook his head again. “I’m not saying what you’re thinking.”
The eyelids fluttered, the eyes lowered, the mouths pouted.
Roman awoke feeling tendrils of uneasiness in his belly – an instability, a ‘hanging by a thread being hunted’ sensation.
It was late, midmorning – far beyond his usual rising time – but he didn’t feel rested.
It was like when hunting was going badly, and he rehearsed endless successful kills in his dreams, but awoke feeling hungry and exhausted.
He leaned up on his elbows, turning his face to the left and rubbing his eyes.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 257
The tepee was stained, silent. Above him, a little to the right, blocking the small hole designed to let the smoke out, hung a silent floating Angel. The pupils of the blue eyes were trained on him, and he had a sudden shudder, as if he were being watched by a pink devil, or a malevolent ancestor – or his own conscience – the sudden thought came to him, and he smiled grimly, with the pretense of courage, because he was now being watched for – how long?
Until I change, the thought came to him.
He did not want to get up. He wanted to lie in a fetal position, hugging his own tension, circling it like a useless toothless shark.
But he willed himself to rise – in part because, being over fifty, he had to pee.
He stumbled stiffly out of his tepee and looked over the encampment.
Very few parents were up. Children milled about, playing various games, watched over by the attentive Angels.
Ain and Kable were playing ‘rock paper scissors’ in front of his tepee, over the fading smoke of the night fire. They looked up at him with a curious and complicated mixture of emotions – fear, defiance, resentment, anger, uncertainty…
“Morning, dad,” said Ain warily.
Kable nodded in agreement, and Roman returned the greeting.
Roman felt sudden anger – the children were just milling about playing listless games, rather than doing the work necessary for survival!
It’s not abuse if it keeps us alive! he thought with sudden savagery.
He was developing a kind of sixth sense about the location of the Angels. He knew without turning around that the Angel inside his tepee was now floating behind him, staring at the hairs on the back of his neck. It wasn’t that they made any sound, or had any electrical presence – it was more like…
He suddenly remembered that, as a child, he had fingered threads while going to sleep – and always had a great instinct as to when a thread was just about to end.
All predators understand predators…
The thought struck him with such sudden severity that he truly imagined that the Angel behind him had said something.
Are they controlling my brain?
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 258
Given that he did not understand the technology at all – he doubted many people did, even in the Civ – he would have no way of knowing, but he did begrudgingly accept that the Civ robot‐pimps believed in free will, and wouldn’t program him that way…
It’s your inner Angel, answering the outer…
Roman grimaced and put his hands to his ears, uselessly.
He turned to his kids.
What the hell are you doing? he was about to demand, but checked himself.
“What are you – up to?” he asked.
Ain ducked his head, glancing just above and behind his father.
“Just – waiting for you to get up, I suppose.”
Kable, his youngest, said: “Are you hungry?”
Roman waved him off. He caught the eye of another father, across from the central fire pit, who cocked his head and shrugged slightly.
Roman’s eyes narrowed. “Do we need to talk?”
“About what?” asked Ain with pretend innocence.
There was an awkward pause. Roman could clearly see that his boys wanted to get back to their game, and suddenly felt further anger.
Unwanted…
He looked at his boys closely – Kable could not yet grow a beard, but Ain possessed some fairly robust stubble.
Unnecessary…
Roman wondered where his wife was. He saw a line of people walking in the heat‐hazed distance – probably the women, going to get water.
Roman had no idea what to say to his sons.
He opened his mouth, then closed it, like a slow‐motion fish out of water.
“What – what are you boys up to today?”
Ain looked at him with a flash of defiance. “We have no idea.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 259
What is that supposed to mean? Roman was about to ask – but realized he could not neutralize his tone to the satisfaction of the floating Angel.
Roman took a deep breath. “All right, things have changed, let’s not pretend…”
Kable swallowed, his cheeks reddening, and wiped his eyes with self‐conscious anger.
Ain said: “It’s hard to know who’s in charge now…”
Roman said evenly: “You brought us down this path – on the mountain that night, with those girls.”
“You told me always to defend what’s ours!” cried Ain.
Roman felt hot rage. His fists clenched, and he felt a tickle on the back of his neck with the approach of the Angel. A floating baby in the back of his brain froze his tongue.
“I didn’t tell you to bully – girls,” he said with effort.
“Oh yeah, dad, because bullying whoever is smaller is totally bad, right?”
Roman’s mouth fell open. The scorn!
He took a deep breath. “Oh, you are very brave now, with your little allies.”
Kable said: “I don’t like this any more than you do, dad!”
“Oh shut up,” said Ain carelessly.
The baby Angel was silent.
Roman leaned in, towering over his eldest son. “So you want to be in charge now, right?” he murmured. “You’ve got your little sky‐buddies, you’ve got half a moustache, you’ve got your skinny little muscles and your – little bit of armpit‐arrogance. I understand, happens to all. So be in charge. I promote you. Go on – get all the food and keep everyone in line and… watered. These Angels don’t want me to – treat you like a child, so – don’t be a child. Be a man. That’s what you want, isn’t it?”
“Dad…” murmured Kable, obviously frightened.
“Oh God, don’t be such a baby!” cried Ain in frustration.
The Angel darted forward from behind Roman, and said: “Please do not insult your brother.”
Roman’s eyes widened slightly. How the hell does it know they are related?
He felt an elemental invasion of his privacy. He glared at the floating blue eyes.
“How the hell do you know that?”
Silence.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 260
“I want to talk to David – put him on.”
The Angel said: “I am not a communications device.”
Ain looked up, squinting against the white glare of the clouds surrounding the Angel. “How long are you here for?”
Silence.
Roman’s hands itched for a giant stick that he could use to smash and smash the Angel into easily‐buried history…
He then felt a – sudden rush of sadness, of loss – and remembered his own father, towering over him, exacting vengeance for some slight he could not remember.
DON’T DO IT!
Who am I without power?
The most fundamental question of humanity shot through his mind, chased by crackles of trauma.
Roman squatted down in front of his children. “If you want to learn how to live, you will do what I say, although I am now prevented from punishing you, or raising my voice. Sitting here playing your – finger games – will not put any food on your lap, or water in your belly. You don’t want to be – irresponsible. You need to hunt, you need to set traps, you need to make sure that the women are getting – what they need. Life is a circle that goes around, day after day. Your bodies are always eating themselves, whether you feed them or not. Do you understand?”
Roman’s voice rose slightly at the end of his speech. He flinched involuntarily, but apparently he was still within bounds, because nothing happened.
Ain’s eyes also narrowed – almost in imitation of his father, it seemed. “I’m tired of hunting.”
Kable inhaled sharply, sitting back.
Roman said: “I’m not going to talk about this again. We are hunters, not – farmers.”
Ain jutted out his lower lip and said: “We didn’t get in trouble because I pushed a few girls around. We got in trouble because you beat the hell out of anyone who wants to plant crops! We got in trouble because we are always moving around, so we don’t have any property, we don’t have any rights – and you said yourself that the Civ is all about property. You blame me for your own dumb decisions, dad.” He imitated Roman. “‘We are hunters, we throw spear, we eat meat, we are brave warriors who shoot deer and beat children!’”
Kable was too frightened to laugh.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 261
Ain continued: “And you never have to take any responsibility. We could have half the land growing food for us, but no – we have to be hunters, we have to cover our cheeks in blood, that is – what do you say, ‘our way.’ Well it’s not ‘our way,’ dad – it’s just ‘your way.’ And you yell at me for not taking responsibility – but you raised me, dad. Who am I but the shadow of you, of what you want, what you have – done? I’m not some carved‐off – thing that has nothing to do with you!”
“That’s right,” said Roman grimly. “Blame me for everything.”
The Angel moved forward slightly and said: “Irrational absolutes tend to escalate conflict.”
“OH SHUT UP!” screamed Roman, raising his arms, thick with fight‐or‐flight blood.
Roman woke up in the late afternoon.
His wife Sarah was leaning over him, pressing a cold cloth to his forehead.
“Oh you’re back,” she said simply. “Turn your head, look around.”
Roman grimaced and obeyed her.
Lying on hides were a dozen women, and half a dozen men. All were in various states of dazed disrepair.
The dark‐haired man from the previous night was next to him. He smiled wryly at Roman.
“Well, we can confirm that the Angels work at least.”
Roman said: “I don’t remember getting a warning.”
The dark‐haired man leaned over with glowing eyes and whispered: “You were magnificent! I’ve never seen more electricity, except from the sky.”
The Tribe fell apart – there was no other way to put it.
The women stopped having sex with the men. The men wandered around, depressed, anxious – almost formless, it seemed. Some were seen shaking under the scant starlight, as if withdrawing from a powerful addiction – as in fact they were.
The older children – having been ground down by brutal authority their entire lives – attempted to enter the power vacuum caused by the Angels, but the floating eyes were having none of it. Elder siblings were commanded to refrain from verbal or physical abuse against their younger siblings, against other children… If they were young, the commandments were very gentle – and if ignored, the Angels simply interposed themselves between the children. If verbal abuse continued, the Angels played classical music at very high volume, driving the attacker away.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 262
Children wept in the dirt and dust, bereft of form, shape and personality. Mothers wept with them, side‐ by‐side, without touching, as if in strange solidarity.
Men hunted with increased ferocity. They shot animals only to wound them, then stood with their feet on the necks of their prey, firing arrows into their fading eyes.
The Angels were silent – with one exception. Apparently, the nonaggression principle applied only to humans.
The dark‐haired man was electrified because he was clearly torturing a rabbit.
He was not given a warning.
Roman felt himself strangely emotional – he had previously controlled his emotions by controlling his children. These eruptions of random feelings were extremely disorienting to him, and he went on long solitary hunting trips – once even forgetting his arrows – so that his status would not be destroyed by the rebellion of his heart.
He dreamed of his father – and his mother – almost every night. They raged at him – as they had in life – demanding that he honour their memory by maintaining their rules. In a strange reversal of what had actually happened to him as a child, his mother raged at him, while his father sat in silent and claustrophobic disappointment.
DON’T DO IT!
He awoke from one of these nightmares with a distinct and metallic thought dancing on his tongue.
I was not beating my children, but my parents…
He could not follow that thought – he lacked the language. Self‐knowledge is the most foreign tongue to primitive personalities; they may as well be dropped into ancient Greece to debate Socrates. Every true thought about themselves feels like gibberish to those who have externalized and punished their irrationalities.
The work ethic of the Tribe largely collapsed. The raging men killed so many animals that the careful weighing of consumption so essential to their survival vanished, and they ran out of meat within a fortnight.
In many ways, it was even worse for the women. Female aggression is often secondhand – they cannot beat up other men, but they can spread rumours, attack children and provoke their mates into fighting other males.
The women of the tribe also used sex as a reward mechanism, but since the men were depressed and absent – and the all‐seeing Angels were everywhere – they lost this power too.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 263
With the loss of sexual power came a collapse in grooming standards. Everything the adults did in the Tribe was to dominate – in the absence of domination, they were utterly disoriented, like gymnasts in zero gravity. Their muscles meant nothing; there was no resistance, and therefore no strength, no purpose. All their prior ferocious skills sagged into twitchy and flaccid emptiness – their rage blocked them from learning any new skills, since the new rules were enforced, not accepted.
The scorn and rebellion of the children grew in leaps and bounds, because they saw the soft victim underbelly of their prior tormentors. When violence in parenting is removed, parents are revealed as helpless and empty, at least for a time.
You could have stopped anytime, if you wanted to…
And:
You stopped beating us because the Angels are beating you…
As the collapse of parental work fueled the growing hunger – and the survival of the Tribe became a very real question – some of the older children began to step into leadership roles – but a very different form of leadership than had been inflicted before.
Ain in particular felt a growing and grudging sympathy for his parents. Aging patriarchy has long swung from violent abuse to rank self‐pity – as strength fades from striking muscles, soul‐sucking emotional manipulation takes its place.
Fear of violence gets replaced by fear of guilt.
Ain could see that his father was shrinking physically – his pride in his lean legs and broad chest had collapsed in on itself. Ain was reminded of the first tepee he had tried to build, which had similarly fallen inward.
Violent people are helpless without violence – that is mostly what the violence is designed to cover up. Ain could see the near‐instant erasure of his father’s dominance – and Roman’s imposing physical and mental figure fell away in his mind, showing a squalling and helpless infant, working the levers of a giant warrior’s arms.
Ain remembered, as a child, curiously hacking back the shell of a dead tortoise, and being surprised at the soft and helpless thing inside.
The helplessness and the armour are the same thing…
He felt sympathy for his father’s exposure – but he also felt a cold anger. Sympathy for brutalizers can be warranted – but it is usually a step too far to demand it from their victims.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 264
Finally, Ain grew tired of half‐measures, and demanded that the Tribe assemble. The adults were so inert that they simply allowed themselves to be led and sat in a circle around the main fire pit, like so many legless sacks.
Below were the men, women and children – floating above them, like pink proximate constellations, were the tousled blonde Angels – silent, smiling, implacable, absolute. Their bows were out.
“So – we are not doing so well,” said Ain. “The elders, you have all gone walkabout, you’re just – hunting and eating at a distance, staying out for days, not bringing much of anything back, and the kids – well they’re not doing so well either…” His voice cracked, but he struggled on, not even sure what he was going to say next.
“And it’s a shock, I get it – these – Angels – have changed a lot – everything really. But – it’s not like they’ve turned us into another kind of animal. We can still hunt, they are not interfering in – survival, because that would violate their rules or something. It’s a big rule, I get it, not hitting, but I don’t get why everything has just fallen apart, so fast… You can’t hit us, you can’t yell at us, but we still – need you. You have – learned other things than hitting and yelling, and I don’t want to have to learn everything for myself, all over again. Dad…” he said, his voice breaking. “When I twisted my ankle, running after that rabbit, we were like halfway to the horizon, and you just tied it up and told me to walk, and it was a long way, I think I remember just about every step – you told me to be tough, you gave me a stick to bite on, I was like six or something. And you’re getting close to fifty I think, and I know you can deal with just about any kind of pain, because you taught me to, so I don’t – understand why you can’t just – put one foot in front of the other and make your way home. And Jesse…” Ain pointed at the dark‐haired man. “Every day you attack the Angels – more than once sometimes – and you just lose all the time, and we are all terrified that you’re going to get some permanent damage, like you’re going to glow at night and your bones are going to snap when you take a step. What are you doing? You were always telling me that if something doesn’t work – like being upwind when you’re hunting – then you just stop doing it. You had these rules – like my dad has these rules, like you all have these rules – and you’re just not applying them now, and it’s driving me crazy. Why are these floating babies undoing everything about us? Why can’t we hold anything together?” His voice rose. “We’re going to die, die off, if we don’t – change, learn something, whatever it is that we have to learn. We can’t get enough food and water for all the kids – and you – without your help. You’re all turning into these useless eaters – but you’re not going off into the wild like grandpa did, you’re just – consuming everything, giving nothing…”
Ain was struck by a sudden thought.
“Do you want – forgiveness? I don’t think it’s guilt, I don’t think that, but – something… Dad…”
Roman raised his dead eyes to his son. He slowly shook his head.
Ain gestured helplessly. “Are we supposed to – just – wander off and leave you here, to survive on your own if you want? Is everything being run by ghosts? You’re still my dad, even if you don’t hit me – maybe more…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 265
Roman felt a deep vibration in his soul, like a rolling church bell. A choice arose in his heart that he did not expect. He had demanded apologies almost every day from those around him, from his children – but he could not remember offering a single one as an adult.
DON’T DO IT!
To hell with inner voices, I will act!
Roman wrestled himself to his feet, as if he were underwater, weighed down.
He walked to his son on numb feet, on a new path, in a new world.
He opened his arms.
The circling Angels smiled and put away their weapons.
Chapter 32
As the leader of the free world, I am not unused to getting my way.
After my wife removed her face – revealing a swirling galaxy floating in a void – I roared.
That has always been my way, the sword of Damocles hanging over the puppet strings of everyone around me. When you are born with a big face, and a strong jaw – and you are taller than normal, with a full head of thick hair – rising impatience followed by table‐pounding roaring just – scatters everyone into conformity around you. People are like salmon – if you’re a strong enough current, everyone gets in line.
Tentative people drive me insane – or rather, they would if they weren’t so damn useful. So many people try to be ‘nice’ – but nice people never get anything done – at best, they are as valuable as the mortar used to build a cathedral. Without mortar, I guess, there is no cathedral – but no one cares about the mortar, or comes to see it.
The man who came into my room after my faceless wife floated out was impossible for me to read.
Let’s be honest – when two people – two men – come together, it’s like two airplanes flying towards each other. One goes up, one goes under, or everyone dies… Life is nothing but status – we are haggling apes in suits, nothing more, nothing less.
I can always sniff deference in the air – and create it if necessary. Escalation is the key – you just have to clench your jaw, stare without blinking, and raise your voice to the point where people fully, truly and deeply understand that they will have to kill you to get their way. Iron will is the inevitable physics of our universe – people have no more choice to obey the resolute than water has to obey the tide.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 266
Occasionally, I come across another alpha – and we try our usual tricks on each other, and then both end up laughing, shaking hands, and going our different ways. It’s kind of like two lions – each thinking they are hunting a gazelle – coming across each other in a bare‐claw flurry of comical surprise. No one expects them to eat each other – they part as friends, knowing there is more than enough meat for every predator.
I was so glad not to live in a time of duels and honour and pistols at dawn. I could lie and spread rumours and undermine reputations without a thought – no one was going to slap my face with a glove and shoot my kidney out in the morning mist. Consequences are an insult to the kind of ambition I was raised with – the only cure for addiction is a hangover, and I never had any of the hangovers of guilt or shame or regret. I don’t think in my life I ever really felt fear – caution, for sure, when I was in the presence of a dangerous enemy, but not outright fear.
I was originally kind of – worried about all the supposedly good people in the world, but I remained strangely invisible to them. I am the natural prey of abstract virtue, but I was like a zebra wandering through a pride of lions, watching them scrabble for ants in the dust – invulnerable in my obviousness.
Jane’s funeral showed me who really ran the world…
You run it, or you get run over.
The first few tendrils of power are tough – once you snag those, they turn into a kind of wobbly lasso you can use to capture more. The moment you have any shred of political power, you can punish your enemies and reward your friends – so your enemies fear you, and your friends love you.
In every successful politician is the basic thought: How can I possibly get away with this?
I promised not to raise taxes, then I raised taxes!
I promised to reduce immigration, then I increased immigration!
I promised transparency, then slow‐walked document requests for years!
I praised free speech, then imposed censorship!
I promised more press conferences, then rambled my way through remote teleconferences!
It all reminded me of pulling out a stubborn tooth when I was a kid – you’re frightened of the tug, then it turns out to be nothing, just the snapping of a thin thread, a mouthful of temporary blood…
The press was my friend; reporters attacked all my enemies, making up lies and sending the innocent tumbling into the humiliating canyons of self‐justification. Academia praised me in obtuse syllables; movies portrayed my kind as noble and heroic, economists told everyone I was in total control when things went well, but a victim of blind market forces when my economy went into the crapper.
I was hated, sure, but you can’t be any kind of leader if you fear disapproval – leadership is all about forcing people to do what they damn well don’t want to do – like being a general in a war – and forcing
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 267
people makes them upset, sure. But it was pretty easy to deal with – I had the magic spell of the “common good” which I could use to curse anyone who didn’t do what I wanted, what I told them to. I represented this common good – I was its bland and enslaved acolyte – so it wasn’t me that people had to obey – it was the good of everyone – themselves included – even if they didn’t see it at the time. :‐)
People shuffled into my life on a continual basis – it was a total conveyor belt of hypocritical need; we all played the game and danced the dance. They talked about the common good, and I talked about the general good, reporters wrote about democracy – and everyone got free stuff, and I got more power – and the ‘common good’ lay twitching and hyperventilating on the carpet, like a frat boy after his first prison shower.
Damn those were great days!
You rise as smooth as sunshine, and people feed you and lay out your clothes – it seems vaguely offensive to have to shave yourself – and you take your meetings with excellent coffee, and sunlight pours in through the windows on deep, rich mahogany tables – and the paper is always crisp, and aides lean into your ears and whisper sexy secrets into your brain, and everyone dances a disco dance of verbal avoidance of naked self‐interest, and the machineries of pen and paper create legal mazes that mice have to forever sprint through to get a scrap of cheese, and your heart swells with the joy of control, and you know that no one – not one single soul – will ever speak the words that will undo everything. We know that it is all a theatre of blood, that the State escalates until citizens comply or die – that all the creamy white walls and pillars are the blended bones of freedom – and if people would only tell the truth, it would all go away – but they are addicted to the lies, and – and here was the most perfect thing!
I understood incredibly quickly that anyone who talked about freedom from me, freedom from us, freedom from lies – was roundly attacked by everyone else. I didn’t really need to lift a finger to control speech – thought even – because anyone who talked about property rights and ‘taxation is theft’ was destroyed by their fellow citizens. I found this hilarious – it was like thinking you needed bars to keep the monkeys in your zoo, when any monkey that even thought about escaping would be beaten within an inch of its life by every other monkey around!
Saves a lot of money on security!
I found it sooo amusing, watching the libertarians and Austrian economists wail and bleat about central banking and the counterfeit nature of government money – they genuinely seemed to think that their words would undo our electric power to type whatever we wanted into our own bank accounts! I imagined them walking on a hot beach and shielding themselves from burns by endlessly muttering the word ‘sunscreen.’
It took me awhile to learn that you cannot have power without spreading it around – otherwise you create implacable enemies who will offer more to the court toadies dependent on the steady drip of government cheese.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 268
Sure, we created whatever money we wanted – but we spread it around, we gave it to the bankers, we gave it to those tight to the center of power – and we gave watered‐down remnants to the poor, the single mothers, those dependent – or so they thought – on us, our ‘generosity.’
They all stood and placed their hands on their hearts when the flags flapped and the anthems played – because they were worshiping the gang that gave them cash. And it was a cosmic comedy, how everyone self‐righteously lied and paraded and pretended. It was the new religion – except we could offer them something more visceral than heaven itself: the money they needed to escape their terrible decisions. Single mothers always voted for us – they couldn’t choose a good father for their kids, but they sure knew how to choose a political leader for the entire country! It was hard to give those solemn speeches about their noble, stunning and brave sacrifices without bursting into laughter.
Once the government can spread trillions of dollars around the economy, it becomes deeply hilarious to watch everyone talk about the noble and abstract responsibility of voting. A solemn civic duty… At the end of any election cycle, my cheeks were raw from biting.
To be fair, there were a lot of True Believers in my inner circle – they genuinely thought that we were there to help the poor, to protect the nation, to keep people healthy and happy.
They hurried to endless meetings with badly‐wound neckties, growing flop‐sweat and a panting, almost hysterical earnestness – and they genuinely believed that as long as anyone suffered in the land, they just weren’t doing their job properly!
They had this aching hypersensitivity to unhappiness anywhere in the world – literally, anywhere in the world, it was incredible! – and their entire identities were based on alleviating suffering – which meant that any idiot who pretended to suffer controlled their entire existence!
But – they were incredibly useful as human shields to any philosophical skepticism about the virtue of what we were doing – you could prop them up totally drunk on a lie detector, and they would absolutely pass it, if they were asked: “Are you here to do good?”
I found their earnestness deeply creepy; their essential monkey brains had been gouged out and replaced by unearthly girly angels. They were the opposite of me, but we complemented each other perfectly. I did the messy dealings with the machinery of power – where fingers and souls get lost on a regular basis – while they covered the unholy mess with a sheen of self‐righteous stained glass. I did the screaming wet‐work of carving bloody laws from squealing self‐interest – they covered up the inevitable abattoir with apple‐cheeked earnest choirs.
God, who else..?
Oh yeah – there was the gang called the Dreadnoughts – they didn’t have my sunny and joyful passion for the exercise of mere power – oh no, they had some mysterious darker purpose to their daily grind. They hated something – or wanted something – and no one ever tried to plumb their black depths, because they were such useful weapons to point at intransigent enemies. The Dreadnoughts would
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 269
comb over a person’s entire history, finding something – or inventing something – to kill off their public lives. Nuance was their enemy; “out of context” their ranged weapon.
There were also the Enforcers – for anyone we couldn’t snag legally. They attacked anyone who supported or went to the speeches of these paladins. They called in the bomb threats and death threats. They were mostly single sons of single mothers, sent out by the unconscious terrified greed of the matriarchs – we secretly called them state‐riarchs – to wreck and destroy anyone who might interfere with the free flow of tax revenue to their ample polyester laps.
It wasn’t a simple thing to be a politician – you had to have an instinctive feel for all these colliding alliances – you had to manage the idealism of the choirboys, and use it as a cover for the Dreadnoughts, and make sure the Enforcers didn’t go too feral. You had to – I’m not sure exactly how to put it, it wasn’t exactly ‘overlook,’ but – bypass everything that was going on. You couldn’t look at anything directly – we all knew that – but you had to – work with it, examine it… It sometimes felt like fixing a complicated watch in pitch darkness – your sense of touch goes astronomical, but you can’t see a damn thing!
It was all collusion and back‐scratching – I remember, as a rookie, going on talk shows and being interviewed by reporters – and I was young and naïve enough to cautiously imagine that the reporters were tough‐as‐nails confronters of the powers‐that‐be – I guess I had imbibed too much of the Kool‐Aid as a teenager – but they were all mild sycophants, only dangerous to anyone who challenged their vanity – which I certainly wasn’t about to do!
They would ask ‘tough’ questions, and I would dance a two‐step of staccato avoidance, and then they would just – move on. They wouldn’t try to pin me down, they wouldn’t ask for clarification or – God help us – definitions…
They would ask, I would avoid – and they would pat themselves on the back for the professionalism and toughness of their interrogation!
I remember being on a City Council, early on, and some half‐bald doofus was making a documentary, and marched up and challenged all of us to explain how we were going to pay for everything we promised!
We all gave each other a smirking side‐eye, and had him hauled out by security.
It was just a silly yet dangerous question – it wasn’t like we were providing any real value – that’s not the point of government. The point of government is power, and you get power by giving things away – but it’s not actual power if you have to give your own stuff away, that wouldn’t make any sense at all! The whole point of having power is to remove yourself from the mere mortality of mathematics.
I remember my father explaining this to me, when I was very little, after we watched some stupid superhero movie – what my dad called “kick‐bangs”:
“Son, these superheroes, they can do the impossible – defy the laws of physics, fly, shoot fire from their hands and lasers from their eyes. They are wrapped in magic – that’s what ‘superpowers’ means.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 270
He took an amber sip from a crystal whiskey glass that never seemed to empty.
“And that’s my job – and one day it will be your job as well – to defy reality, to break math, to plant impossibility and harvest power. We are the farmers of what should never be, but always is. And everyone worships the impossible, that is the root of patriotism – did you see the happy faces of the people in the crowd when the superhero flew by? They love him because he makes heroism impossible for them, because they can’t fly. They love him because he fights evil, but he is impossible – which means it is impossible for them to fight evil. It eases their conscience for doing nothing about…”
He laughed.
“In the past, with Jesus, you had to try to do what He did – although He was a superhero in his way, you could be like Him. Now they want billionaires with impossible gadgets to fight evil, because they can never – approach him, be like him. Jesus left us with the commandment that everyone had to fight evil, and that everyone could be like Him… These new gods, the superheroes – you can’t be like them, that’s the point. They are everyone’s excuse for doing nothing, which is why everyone gets addicted to them, and excited by them, and will pay to relieve their own conscience. In the past, you had to go to a priest and confess your sins, and make amends, and do better – now, idiots slap down twenty bucks, cheer the impossible, and walk out absolved!”
Some words sit in your life for years before they are properly understood.
Fighting evil is a dangerous business – it gets a lot of people killed and destroyed – but no one wants to be ashamed of their own inaction, so we exist as a kind of ‘pretend virtue,’ so people can pretend to do good without actually angering evil. Everyone wants the slender waist, nobody wants the diet – everyone wants to feel heroic, no one wants to put themselves in danger. So – they come to us and demand that we do good, and every couple of years they scribble an ‘X’ on a ballot and consider themselves the ultimate saints of human history…
The same thing was true for video games, but I never really understood how anyone could take pride in pushing pixels around a dead screen, so I didn’t bother to analyze it too much. I do remember laughing once about a professorial paper on ‘virtual currency’ in some gaming environment – the economist seemed to have absolutely no idea about the true nature of fiat currency.
I shake my head as the sandy‐haired man walks into my room.
God I have to stop ruminating about the past – I know that it’s all I have, in whatever world I have woken into, but I absolutely must find a way to excavate my prior skills into the here and now.
I’ll be damned if I will rely on my historical reputation – being the Napoleon of my day – to gain authority and power in the present. I loved the exercise of power – it was my very reason for being – and if I can’t make it happen here – well, I’ll just tell them to put me back to sleep and damn well wake me up when I can!
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 271
The man pulls a chair to the foot of my bed, sits down and regards me with – what the hell is that expression, neutral curiosity? Condescending wonder?
It’s so weird, feeling my brain misfire in this way – I can read any expression from anyone, down to the last atom – but I have no idea what is going on in this man’s head…
I don’t care how long it’s been, people are still people…
I suddenly realize I would much rather be paralyzed than lose my ability to read people – that is a handicap I cannot stand!
I will my brain to process the face beyond my covered feet.
The hair is light, mildly side‐swept. The forehead is wide and strong, the eyes light – I can’t quite tell their colour in the dark – and the face angular, as if composed of geometrical blocks tightly packed. The mouth is not sensual – but not stern either. He does not look at me with respect, or fear – or much curiosity for that matter – or wonder.
He looks at me like – like…
I want to make a fist and rap my knuckles against my forehead – but I know that would be an unpardonable show of weakness. It is incredibly frustrating to be unable to read this man, to figure out his weaknesses, his desires, his fears – I am as terrified as if I have woken up in the pilot’s seat of a plunging airplane, and none of the controls move at all…
I am terrified…
The import of the thought strikes me like a spinal fist – this is – fear…
The man leans forward. “My name is David. Welcome back to life. You have no power here.”
Chapter 33
I take a deep breath.
“I want to know it all.”
David sits and nods. “Where do you want to start?”
I muse for a moment. Now is the time to begin scanning this new world for opportunities, for weaknesses – for – yeah, fear and praise and respect. I know myself well enough to accept my vanity.
“Well, the standard question for someone waking up from a coma – and I guess this has been a very long coma, is – how long has it been?”
“A little over five hundred years.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 272
I inhale sharply – and suddenly remember some VR game my grandson had strapped me into – more than half a millennia ago now – where I floated above the rings of Saturn – I remembered – and remember now – the feeling of looking at the tiny sun, and feeling so terrifyingly far away from everyone and everything that I involuntarily ripped the helmet off, and never put it on again. The idea of floating in a dead void – countless miles from the teeming ball of life that gave me strength was – unendurable.
David says: “It’s a lot to process, we can stop here if you want time to…”
I raise an imperious hand.
“Don’t be ridiculous, I’m a grown man…” A harsh laugh escapes my lips. “Perhaps the oldest man in history. I don’t remember much about my – last days – but I guess I wanted to live, and they froze me, and you found a cure, and I’m back to life now – dear God, I don’t even know how old I am!”
“You are 76.”
I furrow my brow. “That’s – what is the longevity here?”
“With luck, you could have another fifty years.”
I clap my hands together, rubbing the palms furiously. “By God, this is a brave new world – that’s fantastic!”
Something in his eyes flickers – a kind of vague warning that I should not be too happy about my future lifespan – but again, he is so hard to read that I decide to avoid any puncturing of my sudden, savage joy.
David purses his lips. “I want to correct you on something, though – we didn’t just find the cure for your illness. It was found centuries ago, but we didn’t know about your existence until recently.”
I nod slowly. “So – there must have been a significant – discontinuity – in the history of my nation.”
David stares at me. “The greatest possible discontinuity, I would say.”
A slight chill flickers through my heart. “It’s been taken over then… I assume – China?”
“Your nation no longer exists, but it has not been taken over.”
I laugh involuntarily. “Oh, so it sank under the sea – global warming? CO2?”
“No, your nation was not destroyed by plant food.”
I feel an odd shimmering mixture of despair and hope. I gain power by lying, but not having to lie – I could see that being a sweet relief of a kind…
“I don’t know what to ask next.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 273
“Well, you have a lot of physical needs to attend to. We have been stimulating your muscles, but you will still need to learn how to walk again. There’s going to be a lot of physical therapy, I assume you don’t want to use a sky‐chair – a wheelchair I mean.”
“A – sky‐chair?”
“It’s a floating chair, controlled by your eyesight.”
I ponder this for a moment. My extended zombie‐life was like falling asleep in 1600, and waking up in the twenty‐first century. I feel a sudden attack of strange giggles, imagining me zooming over a crowd, gesturing while giving a speech, like some comic‐book villain from the future.
I then feel a sudden stab of regret, because I have not asked about my family.
Damn it – that does not make me look very good…
I make my dutiful inquiries, but David informs me that no other member of my family was found in the underground facility they discovered – quite by accident – and that every other capsule was broken.
“To be honest, we had some discussion about whether to raise you at all, since you are alone, and we had no contractual obligations to do so. But we still have some – work to do, absorbing and understanding the past, and you can be a crucial part of that process.”
I feel dizzy. “Tell me what kind of world I’m in.”
David takes a deep breath. “It’s glorious.” He gestures outside my room. “It’s very different from – how you grew up. Society is run on a series of voluntary contracts – everything from police to courts to prisons to geographical defense – I’m using old terms, you get the idea – and everyone competes to give you services, you can cancel at any time…”
He stops, noticing my expression.
“Say it – you can be frank, whatever you are thinking.”
I snort. “You really want to know what I’m thinking?”
“I do.”
“My first thought is that I took a nap in the afternoon, went mad, woke up in an asylum, and you are my cellmate.”
David smiles. “I can totally understand what you mean. If I had gone back in time, I would feel that I had woken up in a mental hospital as well.”
So many questions are tumbling through my mind… I have a sudden, vivid memory of being a young child, in some ancient arcade, in a wind machine, trying to push my sister’s blowing hair away from my stinging eyes…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 274
“Well – who the hell is in charge then?”
Annoyingly – enragingly even – I get the sense that David understands my question perfectly, but avoids answering it.
“What do you mean?”
“Oh, don’t be obtuse!” I snap, in my ancient habit of escalating others into crumbling deference.
David spreads his hands. “You and I are separated by many centuries… The language has remained similar – because it turned out that language usually mutated to escape trauma – but many of the words have changed meanings, so I need to ask you – what do you mean when you ask ‘who is in charge?’”
I take a deep breath. Suddenly, I do not want to ask the question directly – which is unusual for me, because my bluntness was always a great way to get others to give way…
“Who is – the – central authority?”
David purses his lips. “All right – you know that in some cultures, marriages are forcibly arranged by the – elders, right?”
I scowl. “As a man over five times your age, I don’t think I need any anthropology lessons!”
I feel another thread of panic sowing its jumpy way through my heart – my ill temper and impatience seem to have no effect whatsoever on this man David.
He says, mildly: “I’m choosing to use an analogy as a – path for you to walk, so that you can arrive at a clear understanding of the world you have woken up to. I can certainly continue – or I can stop now, it’s entirely up to you. I want to respect your choices.”
I grimace. “Are you a Christian?” I ask suddenly – having no idea where the question comes from.
“That reference is probably the closest you can come to understanding who I am – and the world that exists.”
Once again, my words arise without my willing them: “Are you an angel?”
David laughs. “Probably a devil, a little bit, from your perspective.”
I scowl. “If we brought my wife back in here, the one without a face, do you think that she would answer my questions directly?”
David pauses. “It’s probably clear that I’m trying to – lead you somewhere, slowly, but I know that you are a strong‐willed man, so it doesn’t surprise me that you are not easily led…”
“Let me tell you a story. When I was little, I used to pick and boil peanuts, and sold them at a county fair for twenty‐five cents a bag. I made enough money to invest in barley, when the price was down because the weather was good – and then I sold that barley for a huge profit. I then bought a series of houses
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 275
from the county – I found out who had died from the mortician, and got the places for pennies on the dollar, because there was usually no next of kin… I rented out these houses – I was just a kid, remember – and brought three huge dogs with me when I visited – anyone who hadn’t paid his rent. And I let the dogs loose if no one was home, because I knew they would probably find the deadbeats hiding in the woods, up a tree or something. And I got my money, do you understand?”
My voice was soft.
“And I got my money because – one time, the dogs had their way, and word got around, and nothing happened to me because of my father, and that was the basis of my money, my ambition, my understanding of how the world worked. You either have dogs, or you hide in a tree. Do you understand?”
David looks – what, vaguely nauseous? Concerned about sharecroppers centuries dead?
“It’s a hard frame of reference for me to – process, but I think I understand.”
I narrow my eyes. “Well, the test of your ‘understanding’ is whether you just tell me the direct goddamned truth going forward. I turned dogs loose on deadbeats, sonny – I think I can just about handle whatever syllables you want to shake out of your unwilling – mouth.”
I was going to say ‘teeth,’ but I don’t want to remind him of his power.
David pauses, then nods slowly. “Okay. When couples were forced to be married, the elders were in charge. When that changed, and couples could choose each other, who was in charge?”
“The couples themselves,” I reply instantly, wanting to vault past all this abstract nonsense.
David nods again. “Your society worked – so to speak – because there was a small number of people right at the center of everything that happened – and they had the ‘law,’ and the ‘laws’ were enforced in the – region, the country. If you raised taxes, of course, people had to pay, or go to jail – and if they refused to go to jail, they could be forced – and if they resisted being forced, they could be shot… Your system – worked on the escalation of violence against the general population until they either complied, or were killed.”
I snort. “I have no idea what kind of ridiculous history you’ve been reading, but that is the most – deranged and uncharitable interpretation of my world that I could possibly imagine!”
David does not blink. “Go on?”
I wave my hand. “Oh God, I’m not going to – give you some total explanation of how everything worked in the past – Lord above, what kind of – social discontinuity happened, where you have no idea how – all of human history actually worked? I mean we – knew a lot about the ancient Romans, how their society worked, what their laws were, but… Are we deep underground?”
“No, why?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 276
I laugh silently. “Oh, when I was a kid, there was all this propaganda – turned out to be total Soviet agitprop – about how bad nuclear wars were, and how everyone would end up living underground, with their skin falling off. I just – guessed that maybe there had been some kind of nuclear war, some kind of civilizational suicide, and we were hiding underground like a bunch of glowing moles!”
“There was no nuclear war.”
“Okay – then, what happened?”
It is David’s turn to pause. “Now, I have to say that I’m not going to give you an entire history lesson of the last few centuries – some of which we don’t really know much about – but I will tell you, if you like, how the world works at the moment – at least most of it.”
I nod, my eyes cold.
David leans forward.
“After a truly unbelievable amount of suffering, throughout most of the world – which we refer to as the Cataclysms – everyone was so exhausted and broken that they decided – or at least some of them did – to start with a clean slate, I think the same term was used in your day? Yes, good. Societies – society – gets into trouble when it takes universal moral commandments, and breaks them in two.”
David picks up a wooden tongue depressor from my bedside table, breaks it, and hands me one half.
“This is one piece of wood – it’s supposed to be the same between us, but it’s the total opposite. Let’s say that the wood is ‘thou shalt not steal.’”
David points at his own chest.
“This means that, for me, I can’t use force or fraud to take someone else’s property.”
He points at the piece of wood in my fist.
“But for you, as the – Head of State – it means that you can use force or fraud to take other people’s property – which you call ‘taxation,’ or ‘the national debt,’ or ‘inflation’ – there were a lot of words for it, as you know.”
I hurl the stick aside.
“Okay, this undergraduate popsicle philosophy is – well, you’re like that libertarian roommate everyone has for at least one semester, who complains about the State – mostly because the laws interfere with his drug habits. ‘Taxation is theft,’ ‘Don’t tread on me,’ that crap. Like an Objectivist friend I had when… And it’s interesting, I guess, as a kind of mental exercise, but you have to remember,” I say, leaning forward, “that people voted for me – I was popular because I did what the people wanted. You complaining about me is like getting mad at – Coca‐Cola for being popular.”
I lean back and smile.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 277
“I truly hope I have not woken up in a world where the general perspective is that everyone who disagrees with you is a tyrant.”
David laughs shortly. “There’s a lot to unpack there, I think the saying used to go… Look ‐ I have been chosen to chat with you because of my fascination with – the Old World. Not that I’m going to lecture you about how things worked in your world from a – practical standpoint, because you actually lived it, whereas I only study it, so you know infinitely more than I do – my argument is moral.”
I scoff. “Yeah, yeah – I met those libertarians on occasion, even after college, sometimes they would razzle my speeches, but it was so crazy, so – impractical, that they might as well have been demanding that everyone come and live with them in some Dungeons and Dragons Renaissance fair! It was sad really, I saw that mind‐meme take down a few fairly brilliant people – some smarter than you, I think. It’s this – Platonic world of purity and abstractions, it turns people from brilliant designers who could be great architects into – people who never build anything because the bricks are jagged, and the mortar is porous, and nothing is perfect, so nothing can be done – they all just kind of turned the world over to me, if you understand. People like me…”
I feel an increasing annoyance, because David gives me no indication when he is about to speak – he is all about the patient listening – and so I don’t know how the hell to wind down my own sentences.
It’s one hell of a power play, I have to give him that…
David says: “Is stealing wrong?”
I snicker. “If this is – if this world doesn’t know the answer to that, just put me back to sleep, and wake me up when…”
“You controlled trillions of dollars, millions of enforcers, the education of children, the creation of money, the price of money, the interest rates – you were at the very center of power… Everything you did had moral implications – I’ve listened to your speeches, you were constantly invoking the common good and the general welfare and charity for the underprivileged and sensitivity to the excluded and kindness to the vulnerable – you were like a machine gun of morality, so to speak…”
Again, David notices my expression and stops. There is a strange – intimacy between us, as if two trapped miners found each other underground, and hold hands as the air grows thin…
“We are right at the root of things,” murmurs David.
I nod – again, involuntarily.
“Your skills will not help you here,” he says gently.
I shudder.
“Is stealing wrong?”
I nod.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 278
“Why?”
I open my mouth, then close it again. I have a sudden urge to call a lawyer – as I had to many times in my political life.
“Your government threw millions of people in jail for stealing – your government used force and fraud to take trillions of dollars – but you don’t know why stealing is wrong? And there’s a very good reason for that – we are adults enough not to simply take religious absolutes as moral understanding – and you will see a world that truly understands why stealing is wrong the moment you get out of this bed and walk through that door!”
I force a laugh. “How much will it cost me to go back to sleep?”
David stares at me and says: “How do you know you were ever awake?”
Again, chills run through me. “Okay, Morpheus…”
David smiles. “Like the ancient meme says: I understand that reference.”
He takes a deep breath. “Are you ready?”
“For more cryptic questions?”
“Stealing is wrong because it cannot be universalized. Morality is Universally Preferable Behaviour – we refer to it as UPB, obviously. There are three classifications of human behaviour – neutral, like running for a bus; aesthetically preferable, like being on time – and universally preferable, like respecting property rights and not initiating violence. Neutral behaviour is not the subject of morality – aesthetically preferable behaviour is the subject of social norms – politeness and so on. Universally Preferable Behaviour is the subject of morality. UPB examines the nature and content of morality, validating which behaviours can be universally preferable…”
I hold up a hand, yawning. “These – undergraduate assertions rest on the assumption that there is such a thing as ‘universally preferable behaviour’ in the first place.”
David lifts up his hand and ticks off his fingers. “If I may – you’re going to say that people and cultures believe different things, that people disobey morality, and that there is no such thing as universally preferable behaviour to begin with, am I right?”
“More or less,” I say grudgingly.
“Do all cultures believe in the scientific method? Of course not. Do some people – even scientists – disobey the scientific method? Of course. Does the scientific method exist objectively, like a tree or a cloud? Of course not. Does that mean that the scientific method is invalid or subjective? No! Some people avoid math, some people are bad at math, and some people cheat at math – that doesn’t mean that mathematics is subjective or arbitrary. It’s the same with morality.”
I snort. “Sonny, I’m not even giving you your first premise. Morality isn’t universal.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 279
“So – your argument is that there is no such thing as Universally Preferable Behaviour?”
I smile. “Close enough for government work.”
“And you believe that I should stop making false arguments?”
“It would be a damn good start.”
David purses his lips. “So – people should make true arguments, and should reject false arguments.”
“Yes,” I state confidently.
David snaps his fingers. “UPB – right there! You cannot tell me to reject UPB without asserting that it is Universally Preferable Behaviour to reject falsehood. You need UPB to reject UPB – it’s like trying to use the scientific method to invalidate the scientific method, or logic to disprove logic. It does not work!”
I notice that my lower lip is jutting out, and self‐consciously pull it back in. “What if I just avoid the topic altogether?”
David smiles. “But you didn’t. You corrected me, you told me that I was wrong, that I was incorrect – not subjectively, not according to your personal or aesthetic preferences – but objectively, according to the universal rules of reason and evidence. The moment you did that, you affirmed UPB!”
I laugh. “Permission to strike from the record!”
David looks a little sad. “You are more right than you know…”
I scowl and shift between my sheets. “Ah, we are back to the cryptic.”
“It takes a while to understand and absorb the former argument – let’s just leap over that for the moment and talk about stealing.”
“I make no concessions.”
David smiles. “Duly noted. If the proposal is that ‘stealing is universally preferable behaviour,’ then we run that through the machinery of UPB to see if the proposal can be universalized. It’s kind of a tautology, but that which cannot be universally preferable behaviour, cannot be universally preferable behaviour.”
“That’s not ‘kind of a tautology’ – it’s the very definition of one!”
David shrugged. “More of an ‘a is a’ thing… So – let’s talk about the idea of stealing as universally preferable behaviour. The proposition fails on two counts: first of all, it is physically unachievable. If stealing is UPB, then respecting property rights – the opposite of stealing – must be immoral. That which conforms to UPB is moral, that which is the opposite of UPB is immoral, just as that which conforms to the scientific method is science, and that which is the opposite of the scientific method is unscientific –
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 280
or, to be more precise, anti‐scientific. If stealing is UPB, then not stealing must be immoral – which means that anyone not actively engaged in stealing is evil.”
David points at me, his dark eyes intense.
“However, a sleeping man is not actively stealing – and it seems strange to say that a sleeping man is evil. A man in a coma, a man frozen for centuries – these men cannot be evil, although they are not stealing. So UPB cannot be a positive action – morality cannot command people to do things, because there are many times in life where it is impossible to initiate action, which means that it is impossible to be moral, and inevitable to be evil, against one’s will and desire. That is the first objection.
“The second objection has nothing to do with sleeping or action, but with logical possibilities. Stealing is taking someone’s property against his will – but if stealing is UPB, then everyone must want to steal and be stolen from at all times! However, if you want to be stolen from – if you want someone else to take your property – then that is not stealing! Stealing is unwanted property transfer – UPB would demand that everyone wants to steal and be stolen from, which eliminates the entire concept of ‘stealing.’ If you want to be stolen from, no one can steal from you!
“Thus we know that the proposition that ‘stealing is UPB’ is invalid for both behavioural and logical reasons.
“On the other hand, if we say that ‘respecting property rights is UPB’ – or, ‘not stealing is UPB’ – then we are in the right realm. First of all, a sleeping man is not violating property rights. Secondly, not stealing can be universalized – it is possible for all people, at all times, under all circumstances, to not violate other people’s property rights!”
“But they will!” I exclaim. “Stealing is a – constant in human society, which is why we have – had – laws against it… I don’t know what the hell you’re doing now.”
David nodded energetically. “Of course people steal – or at least, they used to. People also want to eat food that is not good for them, and often don’t like to exercise. That’s why we need nutritionists and physical trainers. The fact that people do not conform to abstract ideals does not mean that those ideals are invalid – it’s exactly why we need those ideals in the first place! As a said before, some scientists – many in your world – were corrupted by money and power to falsify data and create future models that served – well, people like you, politicians in power. And we know that those scientists deviated from the scientific method because of the scientific method!”
I pause. “Don’t make the mistake of thinking that I am stupid or anti‐intellectual. That’s just a cliché.”
“I don’t believe that. But – have you ever noticed that people in power have a habit of constantly attacking philosophers?”
I snort. “Is that what you call yourself?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 281
“I do. But it’s more of an – inheritance, than a profession. I am empirical philosophy – UPB manifested in the real world.”
A curious phrase of my long‐dead grandson floats into my mind: Grandiose much?
David sits back in his chair.
“It’s the same with rape – rape is unwanted sexual contact, therefore rape can never be Universally Preferable Behaviour, because if rape was UPB, then everyone would want to rape and be raped at the same time. But if you want to be raped, then it is not rape, since rape by definition is unwanted sexual contact. Assault works the same way – assault can never be Universally Preferable Behaviour, because assault is unwanted physical violation – unlike, say, boxing or surgery. So if everyone wanted to assault and be assaulted, then the category of ‘assault’ would cease to exist! Behaviours which cannot be universalized cannot be moral – if universalizing them turns them into a kind of mirage that crumbles to sand in your hand as you approach them, then they cannot be a valid mental construct. Murder works the same way – murder is unwanted killing – if everyone wants to kill and be killed at the same time, everywhere, then not only would this be impossible to achieve, but wanting someone to kill you is not in the same moral category as being murdered – it would be more in the vein of euthanasia.”
I stare at him. I can feel these words washing over me like a spring melt over pebbles – but they don’t reach any part of me that has any depth.
Hamlet’s famous: “Words, words, words” washes over me as well.
I tip an imaginary hat at David. “My God, you must have some desperately dangerous impulses deep within you.”
David’s eyes remain attentive. “Go on?”
“Eh, in my experience, moralists are always using these weird philosophical abstractions to just – strangle their own demons in the crib. What terrible things you must want to do to the world, to feel the need to create all these windy nothing‐gods to restrain you!”
David smiles. “By that reasoning, scientists follow the scientific method in order to – what, subdue their own inner witch‐doctors?”
“I was advised by a lot of scientists, way back in the day. It’s not as bad an argument as you think.”
“Perhaps, as you say, way back in the day… A writer is not combating blank pages, a singer is not combating his hatred of music – these kinds of twisted reversals were common in the past, as far as I can see, but they don’t really exist in the present.”
I shrug. “But what is the point of all this? Philosophy might be a fine way to while away a dull winter’s evening, before the invention of electricity – but words have never stopped a single bullet in the history of the world.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 282
“No? We could argue that, but it might be outside your current frame of reference – no offense.”
I ponder this for a moment, surprised that I do not react more strongly.
I sigh. “I suppose I have to get used to being told that I am but a babe in the robot woods of the future…”
David narrows his eyes. He gestures, and the light grows.
“Do you remember why you wanted to be – preserved?”
I think for a moment – back to my tumbling‐up of consciousness when I was thawing out, all of the rolling dice of ancient history…
“I was not done with the world.”
“What does that mean?”
I take a deep breath. “I’m not sure how frank I can be. What is private in this conversation?”
“Nothing is being recorded, and nothing will be revealed – by me – about what you say.”
“And is anyone else listening in?”
David shook his head.
I sigh. “You would not believe the number of secrets I’ve had to keep. I disliked it intensely, had to avoid it in my mind all the time. You can talk to your wife, you can talk to your priest, you can talk to your lawyer – or lawyers, I had whole teams of them. But you can’t talk to your friends about what is really going on in your life, who you really are, what you really want, because – because the best way to get to where I got to is to live right here on the surface, to turn into a teleprompter – to pour yourself into what you are saying so it becomes your entire self.”
I lean forward, feeling the easing of a great tension within me.
“The people, we all – participated I suppose. Everyone said they cared about the common good, everyone grabbed all the free money we willed into existence, covering themselves with words like a – like a chameleon covers itself with the – background. This is all nonsense, of course, but I understood so much about the world I ran that I – that I didn’t want to just fade into nothing and take all these secrets with me. I am of course quite delirious, so none of this makes any sense, and none of it is true in any way, but these are the words that are – coming out of me. Obviously…”
David nods. “I love history, but you could never talk to anyone in the past – anyone who mattered – because they were either dead, or lying. Anyone who mattered became – prominent or famous – because they kept secrets. They – lied. You read an autobiography from the past, it’s mostly just a bunch of self‐serving propaganda. Only charming weaknesses were revealed, everything else – even those – was just a kind of self‐portrait of self‐conscious magnificence. I don’t know what Socrates really thought,
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 283
or Plato, or Diogenes, or Alcibiades – or Napoleon, or the Duke of Wellington – or you. I made a very strong case for returning you to life – there were many who opposed it… I am your Doctor Frankenstein, your necromancer.”
“Why were they opposed?”
David pauses, and I feel a certain iridescent delicacy in his oblique considerations – and once more I curse my inability to read people in this mad future realm.
He takes a deep breath and stands.
“I’ve given you some – bare details about the world you have woken up to. You will – take a long time to absorb how things are, how they work… And when you went to sleep, as a prominent man, a President – the world’s most powerful man, some would say – you had an expectation of waking up in a world where you would still be – I don’t know if ‘revered’ is the right word, but you would be a historical figure, prominent, weighty. I mean – if Napoleon were to come back to life, if we found him frozen in a glacier or something like that, then – well, what would you think?”
I smile inwardly.
“I would have a lot of questions. I wouldn’t agree with everything he had done, of course, but he had his time, he had his reasons, and no one can doubt his importance in – European history, French history, legal history, world history…”
David puts his hands on the railing at the foot of my bed and leans forward slightly.
“And – and – how would you judge him?”
I shrug. “I don’t know that ‘judgement’ would have anything to do with it. What am I going to do, cast my morals back a couple of centuries and try to catch him? I would be curious – he would be a forceful personality, you can imagine, and – and I guess he would make and break some historical controversies, but I suppose historians would either believe him, or not believe him, depending on their own beliefs.”
David leans forward slightly more. “And what about a slaveowner?”
I start, and shrink back – almost imperceptibly, I hope. “A slaveowner…” I whisper.
“Yes.”
“Those were very real questions, in my day…”
“I know.”
I laugh suddenly. “It would have been a pretty wild thing, to hear a living man make the case. It would have driven the lefties wild. He never would’ve made it out of – wherever he was speaking.”
“What was legal in his day was so utterly immoral in your day, that…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 284
My face freezes suddenly.
It hits me like a comet.
“Oh my God I’m a war criminal!”
David’s eyes widen slightly. He pauses. “Not necessarily.”
“Judgement at Nuremberg…”
“There will be a trial, and you will have your defense. But you – and your son – set the Cataclysms in motion, and humanity – the billions dead – require a – reckoning.”
I snort with false courage.
This future world of crystalline abstractions seems too – delicate, too refined, too – I can’t think of the words, but I can feel my way through the ideas…
Unspoiled… came the thought – but to me that was more about childhood than nature.
I force my distractions aside.
“You would put – Napoleon on trial?”
“Would you have put a slaveowner on trial?”
“We’re not talking about slaveowners,” I say evenly. “You did not correct me when I referred to Nuremberg. We’re talking about – National Socialists. Nazis.”
“Not really,” said David.
“No? It sure as hell seems so.”
He purses his lips. “The National Socialists were tried, most of them were sentenced to death – and of course the soldiers were let go, because they were only obeying orders… It was the military and civilian leaders who paid the highest price. And no one could resurrect that deadly movement, humanity had learned its lesson, history and morality won in that case. But it was – it was those who thought that all the evils were in the past, and justice had been done, and the final lessons had been learned – who created the worst possible world. Whoever genuinely questions morality is incapable of great evil, because doubt clouds their resolution. Those who believe that the morality of the moment is like eternal physics are the ones who set fire to the world. Tell me, Mr. President – did you ever doubt what you were doing?”
I do not answer. I‐plead‐the‐Fifth echoes in my mind, set to the opening notes of Beethoven’s most famous symphony…
“I don’t mean the strategy or the tactics or whether you would win or lose, but – deep down, the entire system, the lies you talked about, the – unsustainability of it all. You had to know that your country was
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 285
coming apart, that bad actors operated every level of your – government. You had to know – mathematically, that which cannot continue will not continue! The schools kept getting worse, the unfunded liabilities were twenty times the size of the entire economy, the media lied with impunity, foreign billionaires corrupted your entire legal system – what did you do with the knowledge that it could not continue?”
I laugh suddenly. “Are you really saying that you have no politicians in your world?”
David nods. “Your world now. By choice.”
“I believe you… I truly do!”
He cocks his head. “Why is that?”
“We didn’t think – that long, in that way. We talked about giant abstractions – I guess like you do, but for an entirely different purpose I bet – but we just – operated minute‐to‐minute. I inherited these unfunded liabilities from – what, two or three generations before me? Everyone just – wanted the ride to continue for another year, another month – another minute.”
“Like addicts,” murmurs David.
I sigh. “No, not like addicts, David. Yeah, we inherited a mess – and anyone with half a brain knew that it couldn’t continue forever – but I tried to – grab the reins, perhaps to slow things down little bit before… And here’s the thing – in the world that was, the world I won, you couldn’t – tell any truth at all, you know. For reasons I could never really understand – but which I’m sure you will lecture me to death about one day, quite soon – people had just become – enraged by the truth. The body politic – the voters, the citizens – were like an immune system, and the truth was like a deadly virus to everything that was. A couple of people every generation would somehow escape this basic fact, and sail confidently into social discourse – especially after social media, I’m sure you know what that is – and they would cling to and grip the truth as if it was some kind of magic shield that made them – bulletproof or invulnerable, to blowback. It was like watching a kid – I don’t know if you have kids, probably you do, you have that air – but when kids are little, and they’re playing hide and seek, and they cover their eyes and squeal that you can’t see them, because they can’t see you. I guess that’s cute for a toddler, not so cute for a middle‐aged man.” I laugh. “These ‘truth‐tellers’ would hold up their arguments and diagrams and charts and data – all very well sourced, all totally impeccable – and they would summon this intergalactic crap‐storm – and you could see them, you could hear the creak of their eyes widening, and they would hold up their facts like that would stop the bombs falling on them – and it really was – pitiful, really. You’d think that somebody who claimed to deeply understand the truth would actually know that the truth didn’t mean a damn thing in the world – the truth had value if it served power, that’s about it – and anyone who spoke any truth that interfered with power – well, we had our foot soldiers, we could just target‐paint these heroic truth‐tellers and just – nuke them from orbit!”
“So – you knew what was true.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 286
I snort impatiently. “What was true – maybe not now, I can’t imagine… What was true was that the ‘truth’ didn’t help you at all! Quite the opposite. Look – if you’re a sailor, a captain in the middle of the ocean, and for some reason the Earth’s magnetic pole reverses – well, you just have to go the opposite of what your compass says… I had a friend, when I was younger – really cynical guy, but very funny – well, he got into old‐timey photography, developing actual negatives, no computers. He got so good at looking at these negatives that he could literally see the actual picture in the negative – in the opposite of what it was! When the truth becomes a landmine, you just dance in a different direction. And believe me – there were way worse people than me circling the throne! Way worse! One of my uncles was a trauma surgeon, on the battlefield. Sometimes, he just had to hack and slash people, because everything was an emergency, every body was falling apart. Was that ideal medicine? I don’t know how to answer that – I don’t even know what the question would mean! I’m sure he cost some lives – he told me so himself – but what was the choice? The price of saving lives was costing lives, there wasn’t any other way…”
I force myself to stop talking, and I realize something about myself – my general habit of conversation was to speak words while constantly scanning the heart, mind and soul of my – opponent, or conversational partner I guess I should say.
But David’s face was a wide pool of listening, still and deep – and my own concentrated sky‐skidding manipulations began to emerge from his still eyes. I had a sudden urge to scratch them out, knuckle‐ deep…
David says: “You are wondering if it was a good idea to wake up.”
I jut out my lower jaw. “I was about to say that it was not my choice, but I suppose it was, because I chose to go to sleep to begin with.”
More words came.
“But I will say this, though…”
I clear my throat suddenly.
“No, it’s a question. My question… Other people wanted to let me sleep, perhaps forever, I don’t know who’s paying the bills anymore… But you say this is a – kind world, a gentler world I suppose – but you also say that there was a lot of debate about waking me, and that you won… And I don’t imagine you have a – death penalty, for whatever the hell I’m going to go on trial for, because there wouldn’t be much point waking me up just to kill me – but do I have the option of you – putting me back to sleep?”
“You want to escape judgement?”
I laugh harshly. “For all I know, David, I died the moment I was frozen, and this is the – trial that everyone talked about when I was a child…”
David’s face has grown unusually attentive, and my words scatter. “The trial… If I were Peter…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 287
My words scratch their way out of my throat in a hoarse whisper.
“Everyone – everyone, it didn’t matter if you were in church or not – everyone I knew, we all gambled, like the opposite of Pascal, that all of this, all that this may be, would – was never going to come to pass, that it was all just a scary story invented by wolves and shepherds to keep the sheep in line. And we were proud to be above it – that give us strength, like superheroes… The people who feared that this – could happen – they had to tell the truth, they had to keep it in their pants, they lived in fear – but we didn’t want to live in fear – but now I wake up in a white room I cannot leave, and my wife has no face, and you are standing there with your goddamned frozen face, talking about good and evil and trials and guilt and punishment – punishments I assume. And I am scared, and I don’t admit that very easily. Is this the future, or is this hell?”
David’s eyes sharpen further, and I can see – almost like scrolling text – the phrase: “Why not both?”
He leans even further forward, almost over my legs.
“It’s horrible to sound cryptic, but it’s a complicated question. Heaven is hell for the devils. Maybe it’s the same place – you love it if you’re good, it’s hell if you’re… Huh… I used to think, when I was younger, when I read about it, that hell was not a lake of fire, but the absolute certainty that you had been evil – the stripping away of every delusion about virtue, every manipulation of morality. Nothing but mirrors and regret, forever.”
He gestures at me.
“You lived in a world that supported and reinforced everything we now condemn. You chose, I suppose, to navigate according to approval, popularity – the success that would have been denied you if you had asked any real questions… And it’s tough – I understand that, I sympathize with that, but the truth is that the world that woke you up – the world that is – only came into existence because people rejected approval and popularity and – conformity. You know the stories of Jesus, of Socrates and Aristotle and Plato – and countless others – and all the scientists and doctors who were condemned for advancing their disciplines. If you can’t be hated, you can’t help the world. And you had a choice, because there were many, many people in your world, in your day, who chose the truth over – success or popularity. Over power. And that’s why we have this world that we love. If everyone had been like you, there would be nobody left to wake you up. The power would have failed, and you would have rotted in your icy box. You would be dead, in a dead world… So – you are alive – it’s a strange paradox – because people were the opposite of you! They only exist to judge you – the world only exists to judge you – because they were nothing like you at all!”
David shakes his head with a little shiver, as if clearing water from his ears.
“No, Mr. President. This is not hell, and you are not dead. Although, by the end of the trial, you might disagree.”
I feel a sudden ancient strength flow into my arms.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 288
I reach over and pull my sheets aside.
I swing my legs over the side of the bed and struggle to stand.
David catches my elbow and helps me up.
I turn my scornful face to him.
“I’ve slept enough…”
I rise to my full height.
“Judge me, and be damned!”
Chapter 34
I was allowed to roam around the hospital, which generally catered to people being lowered into the grave by an almost‐unfathomable number of decades. The staff told me that most diseases had been eliminated; the dying muttered darkly about these Cataclysms, which had so reduced the population.
Unusually for me, I shied away from these details, because David had hinted that I had had something to do with these mysterious disasters, and I didn’t want to burden myself with any imaginary guilt or foreboding.
It was strange – I’d never really had this kind of leisure before – I worked hard and early, and rarely took a day off. I was writing my autobiography when I got really sick – that’s probably why my early life filled my brain as I woke – and I laughed when I remembered this, because nobody on earth could imagine the final chapters to be – to be this…
I lived to work – I only survived this forced inactivity because I was learning to regain control over my body. My Resurrection Project – my name, not theirs – involved learning how to use my limbs almost from scratch. It reminded me of my first time as a kid in a Chinese restaurant, trying to pick up a boiled egg with chopsticks. So – I suppose I had a job, which was learning how to crawl out of a coffin and master the world.
I was prone to strange fits of emotion, which continually baffled me. I focused on the present, on what I could touch and taste – but so often, I would feel a kind of thin silver cord stretching back through the centuries, from me to everything that was before. I had lived my life as a captain on the prow of a ship, guiding and commanding as we sliced through the parting waves – from this view of myself – a realistic one – I now had to view the ship of my life as an encrusted wreck lost in the depths of history, brought to the surface by robot magic and half‐decayed muscles.
I felt cold rage as well, when I was too exhausted to work my muscles, and had to lie with my own thoughts.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 289
I used to mutter a prayer to the demons of doubt, before going to bed, so they would leave me alone for the 15 minutes it took me to fall asleep – the window they always tried to crawl through – but sleep was uncertain now – I had slept too much for many lifetimes – and they scratched and called incessantly…
Power is the power to avoid yourself…
I had felt this iciness before, throughout my life, and it was a constant sign that some interest of mine was being threatened. My instinct was to leap into action to protect what was mine, to gather the necessary weapons – to reward and punish the pawns of the world into parting before me, supporting me, paving my way…
And I found myself jumping up, reaching for a nonexistent phone, angry words of stern command rising in my throat – I wanted to yell for secretaries, get reporters on the line, threaten to withhold funds, offer subsidies, collude in the foggy back rooms of ultimate power – but – but there was nothing, I had no power – at least not yet – and no threads ran from my hands to the testicles of anyone around…
It was like starting all over again – physically, obviously – but also – no, it was worse than starting over, because I didn’t even have my father’s power to piggyback on.
My father would always tell me, when I was a teenager: “All I can do is get you in the room, son. After that, it’s up to you.”
But in politics – perhaps everywhere, I don’t know – access is power, and I could always get my father on the line.
He never made explicit promises or threats – always way too smart for that – but everyone knew that he wanted me to rise, to be offered opportunities, to learn how to strengthen my being by learning the magic words of control. I thought I needed to learn how to work the media – the media that had plans for all of us that seemed larger, deeper and more threatening than any power we as individuals could gather – even when I was President.
I controlled everyone around me – but I knew that I was controlled as well, by that media, which could make or break a candidate in any 90‐second slice, twenty‐four hours a day. They promised to get me into power – and they sure as hell helped – but they never seemed to want anything in return.
Everything I did was balanced on the knife‐edge of unenforceable contracts – handshakes and winks and nods and understandings – but the media that pushed me into power – pushed me on the population – never asked for anything in return.
I remember asking my father about this, but he just laughed.
“These are semi‐divine mysteries, son. They got me in, but never wanted anything back either. If they are the devils, they never get to collect – they must have learned how to live without souls I suppose.”
I said: “Is it – that they don’t want a paper trail, or to be recorded, or – why? Every time my phone rings, I think it’s going to be some media mogul using a voice changer telling me to nuke the Kremlin, or they’ll
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 290
do to me what they did to my opponent – remember that guy who left his phone on the subway, they went through everything, published everything, found out he was into weird tentacle stuff from Japan… Why don’t they ever call?”
He shrugged, filling his veins with micro‐sips of whiskey as usual. “Don’t know, son. Don’t look a gift horse in the mouth, I suppose – this is the only time that rule applies, every other gift horse in politics is a Trojan, but these guys – who knows what they’re up to, it doesn’t really matter, just keep doing whatever you were doing that got their support, and you’ll be fine.”
I remember, the second time I ran, I cornered a media mogul at a winter party, a bald guy with a giant jaw and hunched shoulders.
As if I were running for a local school board, I put my hand on his shoulder – his very soft and sloping shoulder – and asked if I could count on his support.
He looked at me blankly – and I swear I’d seen more human animation in the two coals I stuck in my kids’ snowman’s face that morning.
“We support democracy, Mr. President,” said the man. His bald dome reminded me of a recently‐found dinosaur egg, stillborn for 200 million years.
For one of the few times in my life – up until now – I let my compulsive curiosity get the better of me.
“You’ve always been – very kind to me.”
The man nodded blankly, his cocktail eyes roaming the room like a creepy portrait in a haunted house, following naïve thieves.
“I wonder – do you believe in me?”
The mogul turned to me, but his eyes appeared to fix on the wall behind my head.
“We believe in democracy, Mr. President.”
“But – you must – agree with what I represent.”
A tiny smile. “What would you say you represent?”
I suddenly couldn’t remember anything – all the speeches and debates and policy papers suddenly turned to ash in my head, like a library under the nuclear fire of a blowback bomb.
“The will of the people…” I said, somewhat lamely.
The tiny smile grew. “Well, that’s more than good enough for us.”
There was a slightly awkward pause.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 291
I said: “In my game, everything comes with a payback, everyone has a price. It’s not all money – some people want power, of course, and some people want to pursue their ideals…”
He interrupted me, which I recognized immediately as a power‐play, which few dared to impose on a sitting President.
“Which do you think you represent, Mr. President, of the three categories you mention – or is there another that you haven’t?”
It was an oddly Frankenstein sentence, stitched together out of order.
I leaned forward, thrilled, as if I were revealing a secret. “I’ll tell you something – whenever I feel low – not often, mind – I just read an article you’ve written about me, and I find myself – regarding myself like my wife looked up at me on our wedding night.”
The mogul slowly nodded. “We hold the mirror up to nature.”
He emphasized the last word slightly – human nature? Nature itself? The man’s words were a mirror maze.
I couldn’t help myself. “What do you get out of it?”
He looked at me curiously, and traced the bowl of his chin from one side of his lip to the other, back and forth.
Wait a minute – he’s tracing the letter ‘U’ on his face – he means: ‘You, we get you!’
I shook my head. Paranoia was all well and good for a politician, but it doesn’t serve your purpose when the media is serving your needs.
The giant jaw stifled an obvious yawn. “What’s really on your mind, Mr. President? Are you afraid we will not continue to support – democracy?”
“No – I just wanted to – thank you for your altruism. There is a kind of – purity in our relationship, in that we don’t actually have a relationship.”
The finger stopped tracing the chin, and tapped it instead, as if trying to patiently create an attractive dimple. I thought of Spartacus on a cross…
“Purity…” he said musingly, enjoying some obscure joke. He reminded me of the Cheshire cat, obviously – but also something that my wife sometimes talked about, whenever we would watch some old Jane Austin series, which was the women – the heroines – always had this ‘secret smile.’
“Oh, it’s sooo predictable!” she would say with enjoyable exasperation. “They always open with this apple‐cheeked heroine strolling the countryside with her secret smile – the smile that says she has an interior life of superior amusement, which the man can buy forever for the low low price of a wedding ring.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 292
And she would turn and give me that ‘secret smile’ – and it really was remarkable, how adept she was at creating the alluring illusion of inner amusement – and how damned attractive it was, too.
She laughed. “All women know how to do it – at least, the slightly less‐than‐classical‐beauties do. The rest rely on cheekbones and cleavage. That’s what you were eyeing when we met, but hovering above my décolletage was my secret smile, which was all the more powerful because you refused to look at it directly.”
I laughed with her then. “Are you saying – that this weird bemused smile is like a soft trap that men fall into?”
“Oh yes – willingly, happily. You are all just so – pathetically grateful for female attention. We spend most of our lives rejecting the men we don’t want – so getting the man we do want to approach us is like coaxing a wild squirrel to feed from our palm – ‘Come here boy, don’t be afraid, we won’t bite, nice food for you!’ You’re all so nervous, it makes no sense that you run the world!”
“Do we?” I murmured “I didn’t even know about the secret smile that is the entire foundation of our family, apparently.”
I came back from my reverie, having completely forgotten the thread of the conversation.
“You headed off to parts unknown,” said the bald man. “Most unprofessional.”
I couldn’t tell if he was joking – reprimanding the President was a fairly risky business. I had a sudden sense of – falling, as if I had reached the summit of a high mountain, that was now collapsing into the widening mouth of a volcano.
Who is in charge? The words dried in my mouth, my tongue turned into a tombstone.
“I’m going to put this down as a lapse,” said the giant‐jawed mogul pleasantly. “Everyone has these doubts, suspended between heaven and hell. Success!” he added energetically, raising a fist.
I knew he wouldn’t leave the conversation – that was an unwritten but absolute rule while talking to me – but I also knew that he was finished with the interaction.
Again, I felt a mild disorientation – and wondered if I might not be coming down with something, some virus or malaise. The ship analogy rose in my mind again, because it felt like the shiny wooden floor was tilting.
“Well, since you are being impartial – since you claim to be, and I’m sure that you are – then I don’t have anything to thank you for, but I do appreciate that your dedication to democracy and – the good stewardship of the nation – tilts my way so often. I suppose – I appreciate that you appreciate my virtues, such as they are…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 293
Dear God, shut up man! cried every one of my horrified political instincts. I felt an acute vulnerability that I would normally smash through with anger, and suddenly I was the desperate one – who wanted to leave the conversation.
I pretended to be summoned from somewhere else in the room – I could tell that the mogul knew I was faking, and that he approved for some obscure reason.
I made it over to my wife, who was currently blinding some young ingénue with the disco spray of white light coming off her diamond necklace. Her cleavage crusting was like the puffed‐out red neck of a monkey.
I pulled her away and related the conversation.
“Well, this is rather unlike you, dear,” she said, seemingly unconcerned. “You’ve got an ace in the hole, a groundswell of support, clearly they love you to death – what the hell are you doing poking around such an updraft?”
Her uncanny habit of effectively mixing metaphors struck me for the thousandth time.
“I guess I’m just having a – moment. I want to know what they’re getting out of it…”
“Why?”
“I don’t know… I barely made it in last time, and I’m older, more tired…”
“Dear,” she said with that peculiar feminine decisiveness that instantly kills the motor of an over‐revving male mind. “I will give you this one exception, because your instincts are usually – so good.” She brushed off some imaginary dust from my tuxedo lapels, which gave her the excuse to lean in with a broad smile and say: “Do not screw this up. They like you because you are you. By asking them why they like you, you are changing who you are. Just stop it. If you never ask the question, their support is as certain as my goddamned bra. If you ask again…” She whispered: “Ka‐boom.”
Of course she was right. I understand now, thinking back on it, that they didn’t need to ask for anything in return for supporting me, because my presence in the White House was their payoff. Something about me was a return on investment…
And then I apparently killed half the planet, and my son the other half…
My joke fell flat in my mind, impaled on the sharp top of my spine.
So – I had to learn how to walk all over again – and I had to learn how to talk, without power, without influence. It was like being a baby with certain knowledge of a past life…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 294
Chapter 35
I first met Cornelius Kreighorn the same day I successfully walked across the torture chamber known as my physical therapy room.
As someone with no shortage of charisma myself, I recognized his power because his personality seemed to enter the room before his body did – like when my kid brother used to rub his feet on a carpet and zap my earlobe with his electrified finger – you could feel it before it happened – but too late to stop it.
Cornelius was not fat, but he was overweight enough – compared to the lean inhabitants of this post‐ post‐modern world – to stand out in a crowd. His white hair curled in mobius ripples along his skull; his fleshy face still retained the lines normally associated with leaner visages. His eyes were dangerously merry, as if to say: I will tell you my jokes, and you will laugh now – but be appalled later…
I also recognized that he was strong and certain enough in his dominance that being submissive did not bother him in the least – in fact, he used that tactic with me regularly, which I appreciated, despite my better instincts.
He swept into the room like a pendulum at the bottom of its arc – unstoppable, inevitable. I stuck out my hand to shake his out of a sudden strange anxiety that if I didn’t, he would just walk right through me.
“Good morning, Mr. President,” he said in his rich, mellifluent voice. It contained honey, and ease, and subterranean power. My wife claimed a God‐given ability to know who was a good singer, just based on his or her speaking voice. She would’ve guessed: Paul Robeson baritone.
The man said: “My name is Cornelius Kreighorn, and with your permission, we will become close and fast friends.”
He flopped into a chair – too small for him – in a way that only amplified the bulk of his meaty presence.
He leaned forward conspiratorially. “How much have they told you, about what they have in store?”
Clever, I thought. He is aligning himself with me already…
“You must be a lawyer,” I said.
His eyes widened, and he raised a finger to his lips. “Shhh – we don’t use that word here anymore, it has an unholy ring to it. I am your representative, your guide so to speak, as we aim to navigate the – a situation that lies ahead of us.”
He stared at me expectantly, but I said nothing of course.
“You are most likely going to be put on trial for various crimes that you committed over the course of your administration – alleged crimes, of course, as I will constantly reiterate. And I shall be your human
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 295
shield, your armour, your…” He pulled his hands apart slowly. “...bullet‐time slowdown of whizzing principles. Your angel, if you understand the reference.”
I did feel a bit dizzy – and a secret thought came to me – as it had for decades – that I never would have shared with anyone, under any circumstances, at any time.
Stroke of the pen, law of the land…
When I was President, I would wake up every morning in a disorienting and dizzy daze, completely astonished that I could – not exactly get away with – but – do what I did.
I was not a lawyer, but I knew the law. Through the central bank, I – I know it was more ‘we’ – could create a trillion dollars with the snap of a finger. Another snap, we could raise the debt ceiling. Another snap, we could force people to buy things they did not want. Another snap, we could legally buy votes by firing monopoly money at the dull‐witted open‐mouthed masses. The media covered for us, destroying our enemies with lies, saving us with lies…
I never played Monopoly with a kid who thought you could just pencil in more zeroes on the paper money to pretend to pay your debts – but that’s how we all governed, across the world, all across history…
I remember being sworn in, on that bitterly cold day, and remembering the long‐ago – long‐dead – priest of my childhood telling me that, with the right scissors, the Bible was a manual for atheists.
“In the Bible it says, ‘The fool in his heart has said: there is no God.’“
He chuckled.
“Take off the first seven words, and you can prove that, right there in the Bible, it says that there is no God! There is a reason that Satan is called the master of lies – lie about a man, and he is cornered, erased, destroyed. Call him a monster, and he either struggles to deny it – attaching the label even more – or he ignores it, which makes him look like a coward as well as a monster. And even if he somehow struggles through to legal proof of his innocence, you just have to ignore it and keep lying – and it will be as if he never fought at all. You know the term ‘McCarthyism.’ Joseph McCarthy won a libel suit against a newspaper, but it doesn’t matter now, and it didn’t matter then. It doesn’t matter that books have been published proving that he was even more right than he knew – it doesn’t matter that the Soviet Union released decrypted cables proving McCarthy’s allegations. None of that matters – the myth becomes the truth, the truth becomes the moral, and all who oppose the moral are labelled evil. Most people are failures – relative to their youthful dreams at least – so they’re always hungry for any ‘fall from grace’ narrative. Find the stain on the hero, and you make a hero out of the stain, because it releases people from regret – at least for a moment. All who are great are examined for flaws, and the flaws are magnified to swallow up the greatness – and people grab at these flaws with great hunger, mad need. Greatness is an insult to the pettiness of their lost lives. People don’t feel short in Japan until a Swede strides in. The destruction of the ideal is the fundamental plan of most of mankind. Resentment, bitterness, rage – these are all potent fuels used to light the pyres that burn down anyone who makes them feel inferior – or makes them feel their inferiority, which is not quite the same thing.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 296
The old priest had an odd habit of chewing gum, puncturing his deep sermons with wet pink pops…
“And Satan tempts the great with pettiness, with silly flaws and blemishes – and the great so often succumb, partly because they know that if they offer up the sacrifice of their own greatness, the mob just might let them live… This is why happily married men constantly reiterate that their wives ‘somehow put up with them.’ This is why beautiful women denigrate their own dresses, their own figures. The world lives in constant terror of resentment. The zombie mob of abandoned ideals is constantly hungry to feast on any grand souls who escaped their own smallness. Any greatness that exists without appeasing the mob invites its own self‐destruction.
“Any man who arises from humble origins, and achieves superiority – in particular moral superiority – must be sacrificed – the hatred the mob has for its own self‐betrayal is projected onto the hero, and he is slaughtered as a warning to their own potential. The mob destroys the hero to justify its own rejection of its capacity for heroism. Mothers need neighbourhood children who are harmed by not listening to mothers, as examples to force obedience from their own children. The mob needs to destroy its heroes in order to turn its own cowardice into ‘pragmatic wisdom.’
“Only when the heroes are separated by enough time – usually centuries – can the mob start to worship them. When the world of the present no longer matches the world of the hero, the hero can be tentatively respected – because the hero’s life was so different that it no longer repudiates the current cowardice of the mob. The mob can revere Socrates only when separated by a thousand years.
“The supply of lies about heroes is driven by the demand for those lies – and the demand is driven by the need to escape the self‐hatred of a cowardly life. Sophists cook up falsehoods because the mob is so hungry for them – the sweet relief of projecting pettiness into the souls of great men is too addictive, too delicious…”
Father Gregory taught me a lot.
He thought he was teaching me humility, wisdom…
Oh no.
God no!
The good Father taught me how to rule!
When you understand that most men break themselves into atoms, into nothing – and they desperately need a scapegoat for their own self‐destruction – then becoming a politician is simple.
People who fail to even try are life’s losers – and they desperately need to invent ‘bias’ to justify their own lifeless lives.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 297
‘I failed because people hate me’ is the bottomless mantra of these empty lives. The real hatred is for the self – and usually justly earned – but it is a fertile crop to feed the pursuit of power – it really is power, if you take a moment to think about it. Politics is always about the punishment of success – and its mirror image: the bribery of failure. Anyone who doesn’t pay sufficient obsequiousness to the twitchy mob is marked for destruction, and better lace up his running shoes.
The media magnified my enemy’s flaws – and hid my certain crimes. They invented the most errant nonsense about my foes – that they were colluding with foreign powers to steal elections, that they praised bigots and hated women, you name it – and covered up my own blindingly obvious corruption.
Frankly, it was all pretty amusing – and I’ve never been one to stand between a mob and the effects of its mistakes. The mob wanted lies, the mob punished the truth – so the mob was ruled by liars, and truth‐tellers scrambled to obscurity for safety. Occasionally, one or two honest souls would erupt – and even be tolerated for a time – but the moment they interfered with the pursuit of power… Ah well, lies were invented, reputations destroyed, access to the public was detonated, and they withdrew to their distant caves of bitter wisdom.
They served as wonderful examples to the mob – and of the mob’s power. I used to wonder, sometimes, if I had been raised in a more honest age – if such an age ever existed – if I would have been tempted by abstract virtues, the virtues talked about by my Father Gregory – in particular, the commandment: “Thou shalt not bear false witness.”
He used to tell me, over and over: “There’s a reason it does not say: ‘Thou shalt not lie.’ ‘False witness’ is a legal phrase, it means don’t lie about important matters of morality, as if you were in a courtroom – it is the theological equivalent of perjury. No one cares about little white lies, they rarely lead to major corruption. But when you are asked about important matters of conscience, of virtue, of honour and reputation – by heaven then you must tell the truth, or be damned!”
I used to question him about hell, back when it was a thing.
He would shrug and pop his endless gum.
“Hell is just an analogy for how desperately we are addicted to lies. A man greatly tempted by great evils needs great punishments to restrain himself. The church had to escalate the punishment to eternal Hell itself – which is not really in the Bible – because that’s how tempted we are to lie for advantage. If we weren’t so tempted by lying – and if it wasn’t so profitable in the here‐and‐now – we wouldn’t need endless lakes of fire and torture to consider rejecting the temptation.”
Even when he used to sit and talk with me about these issues – I could tell that he was himself a frustrated moralist – and I had heard hints of the crimes of his congregation – I felt a great weariness and avoidance settle upon me.
Father Gregory liked to walk and talk in the graveyard – I suppose he felt that, Hamlet‐style, it gave his words extra‐spicey depth and power – and the sliding shadows of the gravestones would slowly crawl
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 298
up our legs as the sun fell in the sky – but his frustration had the opposite effect, as frustration usually does.
By endlessly talking about the impossibility of virtue, and the power of the mob, he finally convinced me that I must either end up ruling the mob, or waste my life frightening – then boring – children in a graveyard.
Of course, my earthly father paved the way, but it was my spiritual Father who laced up my shoes.
Why wage endless war against endless temptation – why take up arms against the mob that can always overwhelm you with blind numbers – why reject the reality that lies can summon gold from the shallow earth – why not just embrace it, get it over with, and rule?
Of course, my priest would say that we must reject the material – resist the temptations – to escalate into heaven.
But it always seemed – lonely – his vision of white clouds and droning angels. The masses of men are beasts – worse than beasts, who can never reason. To me, the select few who make it to heaven seemed increasingly to be a pompous lot, full of self‐congratulation, smug superiority and a preening avoidance of the necessary battles of this earth.
Live for heaven, abandon the world – to who?
Increasingly, to people like me.
Moralists produce malevolence because, by accurately describing the world, they turn morality into masochism. The mob uses moralists to create anti‐moralists – by punishing and excluding the virtuous, they train the young to avoid virtue.
The mob would never complain about my crimes, because the mob was a criminal enterprise. Would they ever call me out?
Does the Mafia call the cops?
I had an opponent, early on, when I was running for governor…
In a truly stunning development – and I mean that most sincerely – he actually tried telling the truth to the masses, as if he knew nothing about the history of theology and philosophy.
He told them that the welfare state was destroying the family, that the national debt was selling the next generation into financial slavery, that the government existed to protect itself, not them, and that there was no money left to fund old age security, and so the richest generation in the history of the world was pillaging the young to fatten itself.
I watched his speeches in literal awe – sometimes live. His words struck me like the match struck that old Buddhist who set himself on fire.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 299
He seemed to be the incarnation of the old myth that those outside the circle of power always tell themselves – you know, how they are going to pretend to be power‐hungry and corrupt, rise to grab the ring of power – and then wield it for good!
It never happens, of course – they would either get corrupted along the way, or they would be quickly identified and ejected – destroyed, most likely. Power never lasts if it is unable to detect those who would corrupt its corruption – and our power has lasted for tens of thousands of years…
Man – the media just shredded him – revealed his address, where his children went to school, where everyone in his social circle worked – and all the glorious bloody‐fingered foot‐soldiers of falsehoods quickly went to work filling his mailbox with death threats, mailing thick envelopes filled with baby‐ powder to everyone he knew, protesting at their workplaces and demanding they be fired, targeting the clients of their businesses, getting them cancelled on social media – it was a gloriously coordinated campaign – the beauty of it was that it was coordinated not by any central planner, but by a completely unified and streamlined self‐interest.
Once the government keeps people alive – at least, as they see it – any proposal to reduce government expenditures is experienced as a death threat by those dependent on the government – and it really was about half the population, by the time I came around. Everyone was worried about a Civil War, when the Civil War actually started long in the past, when direct payments to the poor began.
My opponent was instructive – very instructive, particularly to my own occasionally‐uneasy conscience. He was hounded out of – not just public life, but life itself. He ended up buying a farm in the middle of nowhere, and was still occasionally photographed hoeing the back forty – or whatever the hell farmers do – as a warning shot to anyone who might even think of bringing uncomfortable truths to the mindless masses.
His campaign inoculated an entire generation against idealism – they bayed over his destruction like giggling hyenas chancing upon a fresh kill. His children turned against him; his wife stayed by his side only because his destruction had left her with no civilized options. The man couldn’t even get a credit card, he literally had to eat what he killed in the wilderness…
Frankly, truth‐tellers made my job so much easier – their crucifixion allowed my life to bleed freely across the landscape, turning the entire horizon a profitable rusty red.
And I used to wonder, when I was younger, before I got into the game, whether people in power really did meet in smoky back rooms to cut deals – and of course, we did, when it came to regulations and legislation – but in terms of what was necessary to maintain power as a whole, in principle – well, no one needed to meet about that, because no one got to our level of control without deeply understanding how to maintain the machinery of the mob.
If you train citizens to attack each other for telling the truth, free speech is dead. Of course, it’s deceptively simple to have a right in theory, while having no capacity to exercise it in any practical
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 300
manner. Citizens had the right to free speech, but they were doxxed and destroyed when they exercised it, so we didn’t have to worry about that at all.
I could be dignified and ‘above the fray’ and refuse to respond to even sensible criticism – knowing full well that either the media or the black‐clad street enforcers would destroy my critics.
All this – and more, perhaps – floats through my mind as Cornelius Kreighorn stares at me expectantly.
I clear my throat, feeling my old self rear up in my mind.
“Problems with your formulation of my ‘crimes,’” I say crisply. “Number one – I never killed anyone, and unless your legal system is radically different from every other legal system in the known universe, the statute of limitations for any other crime must surely have expired after so many centuries! Number two, you are judging me by your own current legal system, not by the legal system I operated under. Number three, I am an unwilling refugee in your society, and so cannot be imagined as ever having consented to live under your laws. Number four – while ignorance of the law is no excuse, I have no idea what your laws are – and would have no way of knowing – so I cannot be bound by them. Number five – all witnesses – or those with direct knowledge of whatever events are in question – are many centuries dead, and so cannot be called to testify. Number six – I cannot cross‐examine – or you can’t – any of my accusers, because those I allegedly wronged are also dead these many centuries. I’m sure there are more, but surely that should be enough.”
Cornelius stares at me in that unsettling modern manner of open‐minded curiosity that frustrates and enrages me no end.
“Get it all off your chest,” he suggests kindly.
I feel another stab of anger. I rise awkwardly. My cane leaps into my hand, but I throw it aside.
“Well it’s all so – ridiculous! I never expected to wake up to be President, or in charge, of course – I can’t really say that I thought much about waking up at all, I was just – sprinting away from the man in black. I expected – now, I suppose – to be a kind of – resource for history, for the past – and as a preeminent historical figure, I know that there are always controversies, but I suppose I hoped that these – controversies – would be somewhat ameliorated by the passage of time, and some kind of – settling would’ve occurred on perspectives of my – Presidency. I did not expect to still be controversial so many centuries after my…”
Cornelius nods slowly. “Rule, Mr. President. I think you were about to say – rule.”
I shrug tightly. “That’s not the right word. We were a democracy, a Republic. And by the way – where the hell am I, geographically? Am I on the landmass formally known as the United States?”
“Well, you woke up where you went to sleep, of course – you have not been moved in the interim.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 301
“I don’t know what the hell you people are capable of,” I grumble, though without conviction.
There is a slight pause, and Cornelius gestures for me to continue – which makes little sense to me.
“Look,” he says easily, after a minute or two has passed. “You don’t have to retain me, this is – you used to call it pro bono I think – a hobby, a – fetish, perhaps.” He laughs. “I am very curious about you, Mr. President – and I’m not alone in that, of course – you are right, you are a polarizing and – significant, highly significant – historical figure. Believe it or not, you have your defenders, as well as your detractors – you are not exactly polarizing, we are not that interested in politics, which has become a merely historical discipline or curiosity – but you are – there are people divided about your legacy, and your choices. On the one hand there are those who say that you are a product of your time – as we all are, of course – and that we should not judge you according to modern – or rational – sensibilities. On the other hand, there are those who say that morality is eternal and universal – those who know about your relationship with Father Gregory – you are startled?”
I have a sudden uneasy feeling. “Father Gregory…” I take a deep breath. “How much do people actually know about me? I thought that everything was – lost, like the library at Alexandria, during these mysterious Cataclysms.”
Cornelius shrugs. “Well, there are claims, and then there is the truth, and sometimes it seems that never the twain shall meet, at least in a courtroom.”
“I thought everyone in the future was perfect, and never lied…”
Cornelius smiles wryly. “Perfection is for the past, for abstractions, for dreams, vanity and ambition. Never in the here and now. I’m a healthy man, considered overweight by some, and I have a small cyst on my right shoulder – am I in perfect health? It doesn’t mean anything. People – in the here and now – disagree about contracts and property and the breakups of their marriages and a whole host of other – problems. They are not omnipresent, and they’re not insurmountable, but they still need to be resolved, and fortunately there is enough human imperfection left in this perfect world for me to still make a decent living resolving disputes.” He wags his finger slowly. “But – but I have never come across something like this, which is why I – leapt at the opportunity to work with you, to represent you. If you will have me.” He smiles modestly. “I am on the side of letting sleeping dogs lie, which is to say that I was on the side of not waking you. My apologies for comparing you to a dog… But woken you were, and you will need to find a way into this world, to live here, among us – for many decades, I daresay.”
“What do you do about – immigration?”
Cornelius looks surprised for a moment, then laughs. “Why of course, you are an – immigrant – not from other shores, but other centuries. What was called in your day a – Dreamer, I think. An unwilling immigrant, brought here by circumstances, just as children were brought to your country by their parents. Or perhaps you are analogous to a man who has committed a crime while sleepwalking. But you asked about immigration, sorry, I have a wandering mind, a Gypsy brain. Moving is not a violation of the nonaggression principle, anyone can come to live here who wants to live here, and who can secure a
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 302
contract to operate within the – machinery of modernity. You can’t get anything done here without some kind of contract – although the DROs make it as easy and painless as possible – and if a DRO will take you on, then you can participate in all the glories of the modern world. But you’d be surprised how few people actually want to move here, it’s really quite remarkable, because if I still lived in a statist society, I would be trying to get out like a crazed ferret digging its way out of an overturned aquarium! We don’t give anything away for free – as a society, of course there are individual charities. In your day, immigrants could earn 10 to 20 times more from government welfare than they could by working hard jobs in the hot sun of their homelands!” He waves his hand. “But these are boring issues, unworthy of our intellects. If you want to move here, come on by! But you’ll have to submit your children to Scans, which means no hitting, no yelling, no abuse.”
“What about you? Did you have Scans?”
“I came as an adult. My parents were pretty good, but I still had a lot of work to do, to fix my trauma. To have Scans good enough to be insured by a DRO.”
“Work?”
“Self‐knowledge. Talk therapy. But enough about me. They say to immigrants: you will have to earn your keep, or find some charity. It’s similar to the start of your country – the geography we both still share. ‘He who does not work shall not eat.’“
I scowl. “That’s a quote from communism.”
Cornelius half‐hides a smile by pursing his lips. “Well, your government controlled much more than half of the income of your citizens – communism was 100% control, you were maybe 75% – so you were much closer to communism than us – than the present.”
“Well, these debates seem quite – arcane. Unworthy, I think you said. So how does this work?”
Again, he just stares at me.
I gesture angrily. “You know, what am I charged with, how am I morally responsible, what is my punishment, how will this work, what are the laws?”
Cornelius takes a deep breath and stands. “My doctor keeps nagging me to walk more, and my health insurance is going up if I don’t, so if you can manage it, we should take a turn around the gardens.”
He signs me out, and I summon my cane. We walk through a wall with the outline of a door – most unsettling, it makes me feel like a ghost, but I feel nothing passing through.
Outside, a lush green sloping hill eases down to a forest of oak and elm. In the distance, I can see slender spires that seem to defy gravity – and that would snap before a medium wind. I don’t have my glasses, but my eyes instantly focus on the distance, and I can see small dots of moving – something, machines probably – and I gasp involuntarily.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 303
“I can see!” I exclaim.
Cornelius smiles. “Well of course we fixed your eyesight, we are not barbarians!”
“It’s my first time – out…” I murmur. I take a deep breath through my nose. “That air is… wow…”
“More wealth, less pollution…” says Cornelius.
My eyes ache slightly, reminding me of the time Hamish and I spent an entire day skipping from movie to movie in a theatre, then stumbling out half‐blind into the late‐afternoon sunshine…
It is quiet out here – I spent my entire life in cities, in the noise and screams and sirens and trucks and horns and catcalls… I didn’t even realize I had developed mild tinnitus until one weekend in a terminally‐ silent rural retreat my wife dragged me to so we could ”work on our marriage…”
I shake my head, gazing at the clean wonders of simple nature spread before me. A faint tendril of peace drifts through the eternal tension in my gut. I feel it passing through in wonder, then shudder.
“So damn peaceful…” I whisper, then clear my throat. “My wife always loved these nature pictures – tall trees, majestic mountains… I just saw death‐berries, biting bugs and freezing to death on a snow‐capped peak. Nature just made me itchy, but I have a weird impulse to just – walk through those woods. Ech – they probably have butterflies that sing your name…”
Cornelius smiles. “We have this concept of a – benevolent universe – which I suppose sounds flaky or mystical to you, but really it’s the argument, the perspective, that nature is very kind to those who respect her rules – and I’m sorry to anthropomorphize natural reality, but I am a sentimental soul. All that we have, all that we have achieved, is based upon the enslavement of our minds to the rules of nature, the rules of logic that we get from her, and the rules of morality that we inevitably impose upon each other.” He smiles in deep contentment. “And all of this was available to everyone, every society, every – place – throughout any time in human history. I do sometimes think of the ancient Romans – and speak of them, when my wife wants to have a nap I think – and remember that they knew all about the steam engine, and the market system, and there was no actual reason why they could not have had the industrial revolution – I know, I know, slavery and all that – but they also had the conception of human rights, which they applied to the rulers and the upper‐middle‐class – and it pains me, now, even now, thousands of years later, that someone didn’t just take all of those ingredients and put them together, and save the world over two thousand years of misery, slavery and subjugation. The modern world is a fantastical dish – a beautiful thing – and the ingredients were scattered all around the chefs of human history, they just had to – reach out and open them, and mix them, and what we have now could’ve been achieved at – any time.”
I open my mouth to speak – hotly – then close it again.
Although Cornelius is not looking at me, he turns his head and says: “Whatever you say, I cannot repeat, that has not changed.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 304
“Everything that everyone says to me about this – modern world – is kind of like an advertisement, like you are in a cult. It’s a middle‐aged woman with too much makeup. Let’s say that it is all – as wonderful as you believe – and my God the air does smell sweet here, I will grant you that without hesitation – and you have cured my disease and brought me back to life and fixed my eyesight and – I don’t know, made my heart grow three sizes, what do I know – so maybe it is perfect, and I am just a bitter historical cynic – but if you want to lay at my feet all these – cataclysms and disasters and prevention of this paradise, this heaven on earth – then you will have a tough case to make, because I…”
“Did the best I could with the knowledge I had…” murmurs Cornelius. “I’m sorry to interrupt, but it’s like when you see your favourite band playing your favourite song, you know it so well that you just feel – compelled to sing along, however badly.” He turns to me. “This is the typical excuse – and I will call it an excuse, because we are going to have to start preparing to defend you at some point.”
I snort. “I think I may have to – consult with more than one person.”
Cornelius nods. “A second opinion is always wise – or a third, or a fourth. But if I may suggest – our laws are so simple because we profit from resolution, not complexity – so you will be able to understand the law you are bound by within – a few minutes, believe it or not.” He pauses for a moment. “It really comes down to the – rapport or personal connection you have with your representative. Personalities have a kind of synchronicity, in my experience. The law is as simple as simple arithmetic, you don’t need an even smarter math teacher to teach you the basics – but you learn, or share in the learning, based upon the – synchronicity of your minds. I think that you and I can have that synchronicity – I have felt that ever since I first saw your speeches.” He laughs shortly. “Perhaps we are related, or come from the same tribe of origin – but I see myself very easily fitting into your world, which means that – I think – I can help you fit into this world, my world – to make it our world. Maybe you will find that with someone else – even more, in which case, please hire them.” His eyes narrow. “But I will fight for you – I have no ambiguity about that at all. I don’t agree with you being charged, I don’t agree with you being tried, and I – like you, as a person – you are a man of extraordinary talents and passions – not a dinosaur, but old blood that can refresh the new world, so to speak.” He laughs again, shaking his head. “I am rambling, all the while I am watching all the emotions pass over your face like so many clouds. Everyone here just – waits for other people to finish talking, with this…,” he sweeps his open palm up and down in front of his nose, “…blankness, have you noticed?”
I strongly resist the urge to nod, but fail.
Cornelius snaps his fingers. “Exactly! And their – waiting – seems to just pull the words out of you, like fish on a hook. This must be resisted!” he says energetically. “And together, we shall resist!”
I say: “Ah. As you are an – immigrant, too.”
He nods in obvious satisfaction at my insight. “Precisely.” He thumps his chest. “Raised in a state, now stateless.”
“Why did you come?”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 305
“Well, that is a long story…”
I gesture at the sun, whitewashing a murky cloud on the mid‐horizon. “It is only midafternoon.”
“Despite what my friends say, I do believe I can be brief… In my – well, I’m not supposed to say ‘home country’ anymore, I used to nag my wife about that, when we first got married and she would talk about going ‘home’ to visit her parents, and I would say to her that I am now her home, our house is her home, that is just where she used to live. So – where I came from, we have – if you stack the law books – yes, they still have them – on their side, one on top of the other, they reach two stories of a building high. I actually know this in fact, because once one of my clients was prosecuted for violating an obscure law, and I actually stacked all of the law books, right there in the courtroom – which fortunately had a very high ceiling – and before I had finished, I was punished by the judge – although I had a good point, which is: how on earth are we supposed to expect people to obey the law, when the law is like memorizing all of the plays and poems of Shakespeare, in three different languages as well!?! Ignorance of the law is no excuse, that is an old historical argument – and I agree with that, as long as the law is not so complex that no one man, no one person, understands it completely.” He gestures at me. “And in your country, this land, as it used to be, it was the same thing – thousands of laws, hundreds of thousands of regulations – it was impossible for people to obey the law. Wasn’t there a book about people regularly committing three felonies a day, back in your day? I could not keep up with the law, but I was supposed to inflict it on people with no legal training at all!” He takes a deep breath. “And there I was, one weekend, at a conference about new regulations, new laws – and I felt my brain, the thread in my mind, just kind of – snap.” He lowers his voice, as if someone of significance could hear us. “And I really think that this also happened to my colleagues, my fellow lawyers, but for some reason I was unable to tie the broken thread back together, or ignore the snapping sound, like a violin string breaking in some ancient Chekhov play. And I could not inflict a law on the average citizen that I – with all my training – could never fully understand. It felt less like a legal system, and more like a voodoo curse. The law of my land was a strange beast, a most odd net, because it would catch all the smaller fish, while letting the bigger fish – the sharks – swim free and clear. And in my research on legal systems, I came across what had been – and this sounds strange, because it – it is very hard to suppress information now, it is so available everywhere – but none of my training had ever exposed me to the laws here. But I came across them, and I – I’m not ashamed to say it, I just – wept. They are as simple as sunrise.”
I shrug angrily. “Jazz seems simple to the experienced players.”
“Wisely bitter,” he says, wagging his forefinger at me. “But it really is.” He stops walking and plants his two feet shoulder‐width apart. I can see his left toes wiggling through his soft brown shoes. “On the one hand – foot – you have the nonaggression principle, thou shalt not initiate force. On the other, you have a respect for property rights. These are so rarely violated that you could starve to death prosecuting them. They have the right idea about childhood here, it is the furnace for the future. If we clap our hands together over our two feet, we have the final ingredient: keep your word.”
I shrug contemptuously. “This supposed Holy Trinity is the basis of every – common law system throughout the world. I fail to see the genius.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 306
“Yes, well, the trick is in the word ‘basis.’ Your society – your world – built from these simple principles an entirely contradictory cathedral of complexity. There are only twenty‐six letters, but a sophist can twist them into endless confusion – can literally drive people mad with his language. The genius is in the simplicity. Do not use violence, respect property, keep your word. That is the entirety of the law.”
I am about to speak, but Cornelius pulls out a short pamphlet, perhaps twenty pages long, from his jacket pocket. He hands it to me.
“In your honour, I had this printed out, so you could feel the weight of how few laws there are.”
I look at the cover. “The Laws of Anarchy.”
“Well that seems like quite the contradiction.”
He nods. “I felt the same way, I received the same propaganda. ‘Anarchy’ simply means ‘without rulers’ – it does not mean ‘without rules.’ In fact, the argument went – and was resolved centuries ago – that a statist society has incentives to create such complexity of laws that it ends up existing without any comprehensible rules at all. The lawyers enjoy the complexity, because they get paid well for navigating it – the courts enjoy the complexity, because they can be used to punish the enemies of the state – and the state of course enjoys the complexity because it can deem anyone ‘illegal’ for just about anything.” He tsks between his teeth loudly. “It is, of course, far too much power for any human being to wield. We are like little delicate fuses – power runs through us, and we blow our conscience, tzzzt!”
I have a sudden urge to throw this little booklet away from me – and suddenly have the image of myself as a demon being handed a holy text.
“You do not want to open it,” says Cornelius softly. “I actually made a bet with myself that you would not – open it. I would be shocked if you did, you probably want to throw it into the forest below.”
I hate being predictable, because that means I am controllable. But I know that if I open the booklet, I am still being controlled.
“I will look at it later,” I say flatly.
“Yes, you will, I know,” says Cornelius reassuringly. He turns to me, looking into my face, my eyes. “Do you like me?”
“Do you care?”
He laughs. “How quick your response is! If you like me, we can work together ‐ I can defend you. I promise you that I have no arcane knowledge of arcane laws, you can become a – lawyer – over a long weekend if you want, it’s so simple! But if you like me, if you understand that I believe in you, and want to protect you from the – vengeance of the present, which still remembers the Cataclysms, and might in fact be looking for a scapegoat, that’s my theory – then we can work together, and not only can we survive what is to come, but we can emerge – wiser, better, like coal under pressure turning into a diamond!” He smiles self‐consciously at the cliché of his analogy.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 307
I purse my lips. “Something my philosophy teacher said, so many years ago now – ‘compared to what’? How can I say if I like you, I’ve met so few people here?”
He wags his finger at me again. “Wisely said, most hesitant and wise. And you’ve been through a lot, by gaining your life, you have lost the entire world. I grew up not – entirely opposite to how you grew up, and I have made the – transition – to a free society, and I have raised my children in the manner of the New World, and it is a beautiful thing, it does work, and they are wonderful people. I have made the journey that you are going to make, over the next few weeks. In your day, trials could take years, I’m not sure if you read the old novel Bleak House, but it was along those lines – but here, justice delayed is justice denied, and a trial – even one as complex as yours – will only take about a week, because if it goes on for much longer, the process is the punishment. As soon as you choose your counsel, your – representative – the trial will start within a few days, and be over in a week. A week after it starts, I mean. But you will not have very long to choose your representative, because that’s just another way of delaying the trial. Do you follow?”
I smile thinly. “As long as I discard the tangents.”
Cornelius roars with laughter, and grabs my hand. “It is like we are already married!”
“I think we could get along, but you have not answered any of my six objections.”
“Yes,” he replies fluidly, ticking off his fingers. “The statute of limitations, judging you by our current legal system, your status as an unwilling refugee, your incapacity to know our laws, your inability – our inability – to cross‐examine witnesses or your accusers – were those what you mean?”
“Yes,” I say, impressed despite myself at his steel‐trap ability to retain earlier statements.
“I will answer them now, if you like.”
I nod.
“Have you ever known a crazy person?”
“Yes, of course. Two. I hired one of them as my campaign manager, and married the other.”
“No, seriously.”
I shrug. “Yes, the bachelor uncle who lived in the attic and collected – strange artifacts that no one understands, I suppose that would be the craziest I knew.”
“Would he have been guilty of a crime, if he had committed it – was he sane enough?”
“I don’t know. Probably not towards the end of his life, he got – Alzheimer’s, and really went off the rails.”
Cornelius grimaces. “It seems strange to offer sympathies for a death centuries past.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 308
“Forget that.”
“The law – and I’m speaking in ideals here, as well as what is practised in the present – should only punish a man for violating moral standards that he himself accepts. I know you have a million objections, give me a moment please. We punish a thief for stealing because he objects to us stealing his time by punishing him. A man steals a month’s worth of labour from his neighbour, then spends a year in prison – we punish him because he objects to the year we are taking from him – just as his neighbour objects to the month that was stolen from him. A thief takes a – car, and then is outraged if someone steals the car from him. It is through his outrage that we can punish him, because he wishes to retain the property rights he has violated in others. Makes sense?”
“I’ve never heard it put that way, but yes – I suppose the insanity defense is when a man who steals does not object to things being stolen from him.”
Cornelius snaps his fingers. “Exactly. We punish a murderer and a rapist and a man who commits assault for the same reason – they strongly object to their own behaviour being inflicted on them, which means that they accept the ‘thou shalt not’ of whatever they did.”
As the sun begins to set, and the shadows stretch, a tiny light begins to arise in my mind, like an unfathomably‐distant fireworks show.
I murmur: “The slaveowner objects to being sold into slavery.”
“Precisely. And it doesn’t matter what the laws are, it doesn’t matter what his government permits him to do, it doesn’t matter what he enforces upon others – morality is universal, and if he objects to being subjugated under that which he inflicts on others, then he is as guilty – as – sin…” Cornelius draws out the last words.
“‘Do unto others as you would have them do unto you,’” I say.
His eyes widen slightly. “I was not sure how well you had absorbed your childhood theology. But yes, that is the essence of the golden rule. Yes, treat others as you want to be treated – but if you strongly object to being treated how you treat others, then we need no other – example, or recourse, or external law.”
I take a deep breath, and sit down suddenly on the grass. I do not even try to make it look voluntary.
“So – what, am I going to be judged by my own – conscience? Is there some – a robot that is going to crawl into my ear and unravel my entire inner life – or a – machine that knows if I am lying somehow?”
Cornelius sits backwards, and a brown chair erupts downwards from his trousers. He smiles apologetically. “Getting down is the easy part, I shall have to sit. What you said – all the – options that you have considered in the rapidity of your mind – these have all been suggested, that judges deploy some form of truth serum, or some mind‐reading device, or some scan for falsehood – but although this society wishes to outsource just about everything to robots and machines, it draws the line – for
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 309
reasons, some of which I can understand – at using machines to judge morality. It is the final frontier of humanity, a line they will not cross. What is most essentially human about us is our capacity for morality, and while it is fine to have a machine make your food – or support your ample rear end – it is not allowed for a machine to judge your conscience. Also, the argument goes, if we outsource moral judgement to machinery, we lose our capacity to judge morality ourselves, which means we lose what is most human, blah blah blah, you get the idea. So no, long story short, you will not be invaded and unraveled by machines or drugs or Scans – this will be a human conversation, with a judge, a jury, lawyers and representatives – a prosecution and defense, with you – and your entire history – right at the center.”
I laugh in shocked bitterness. The ancient and long‐dead Father Gregory arises in my mind, as if he had been sleeping for centuries with me, and is awoken by reinforced and external self‐righteousness.
In the long‐buried graveyard of my childhood, as we strode between the stones, he knew that I was slipping away, to the material, to the ambitious, to the acquisitive immorality of my mere blood‐and‐ bone mammalian nature.
His words grew desperate, as our connection frayed and eventually snapped.
“God has a backup plan for rejecting Him,” he said. “God is also an analogy for our conscience, which He has placed within us for the inevitable day that we decide to go alone. Our conscience will draw us back to God, because our conscience is God – the closest we get to Him while still being mortal. Our conscience is the universality of the morality we enact – in the style of Immanuel Kant, our conscience takes our own actions and universalizes them, makes them eternal, whether we like that or not. And we can pretend to escape God’s judgement by rejecting Him – but the God within, the fragment of the universal divine that cannot be killed in our mind – that will always judge us. Do you understand, child? You will always be judged, though you become the most staunch and bitter atheist in the world. And here is the great secret of the modern world, my friend…” His voice grew soft and annoying. “When you reject God – and I know you are very close, very – you reject the possibility of forgiveness. God Himself, God entire, will forgive you your transgressions – but the fragment of God within us called the conscience does not have that capacity, I suppose God needed to make Himself small enough to fit in our mind, which means he had to shave off the whole ‘forgiveness’ part. If you abandon God – or rather ‘when,’ since it happens to all – thinking that you will escape morality, all you are doing is escaping the possibility of forgiveness, because you will be judged by the future, whether you like it or not, and it is far better to have the forgiveness of God on your side, rather than the somewhat demonic intransigence of your own conscience. But you will be judged by the future, like it or not…”
I shiver at this memory, and feel great rage. Let’s not pretend that Father Gregory could see through his rheumy eyes through the tunnel of time to this moment of reawakening – of my rebirth, of being born again – to the judgement of the future that he predicted – that he predicted in order to scare me, in order to keep me close – he wanted me to abandon power over the material so that he could retain his power over me, it was the same thing from the other side…
Cornelius leans over me, his bulk and white hair blotting out the sky.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 310
“What are you thinking?” he asks gently.
“I refuse to participate,” I say coldly.
“If your government was prosecuting a man, would that be an option for him?”
“But you are so much better than me, it can’t be compared!” I say bitterly.
“So – you are saying that it is better not to prosecute someone who refuses to participate?”
“Shut the hell up!” I say in a kind of panic – and then instantly savagely smooth my own passions. I do not apologize.
“You do not have to participate,” says Cornelius. “The closest analogy would be a civil matter in your time. If you don’t participate, you are tried in absentia, and a judgement will be entered against you.”
I grunt. “Come on, we both know the truth – this is just going to be a show trial. A kangaroo court, they used to call it.”
“I promise you, my friend – I will not let that happen.”
Promises, promises… It seemed probable that no one even knew that song anymore.
“In my day, the idea that a lawyer had power over the courts was laughable.”
“It is not your day any longer.”
I say nothing, because all my responses seem petty and resentful… ‘As I am repeatedly reminded…’
I finally say: “Okay, so what the hell are you going to get out of this? If I’m tried for war crimes, or some grand immorality, is everyone now so perfectly principled that they are just going to respect you for your abstract moral stand?”
Cornelius turns to me. “Ah, for me to answer that… I know you were a man for keeping secrets, but that was then…”
“If you get me off, you can tell me you have three testicles, and I will take it to my grave.”
Cornelius gestures at the distant forest, the distant slender spires. “It’s – a little smug, a little too certain, it has lost the spice of self‐doubt. Humanity was supposed to be on a journey, not squatting with infinite self‐satisfaction on a mere – destination. Why are we not going to the stars? What is our next goal? You strive, or you sicken. I suppose I want more than you to wake up.”
“You want to – undermine.”
Cornelius considers the word for a long moment. A rabbit emerges from the forest, licks its paws, then vanishes into the undergrowth.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 311
I say: “If I was still sleeping, I would never have known that rabbit existed.”
It is cheesy undergraduate philosophy 101, but somehow I do not regret saying it.
“This world takes entirely too much for granted,” Cornelius says finally, turning to me again. “If they survive us, together, I will accept their wisdom.”
I feel a sudden flurry of hope, like hummingbirds in my chest. “Then let’s take it down together!”
Chapter 36
Cornelius left me soon after, with the useless and annoying suggestion that I “get some rest” – as if that is a choice for the sickly.
I retired back to my room with the booklet, and decided to enjoy my little secret about myself.
I don’t feel fear.
Power is fear avoidance – it is escaping the need to please, the need to be “of service” – and I loved how, back in my day – in my heyday – I was referred to as a “public servant.” I turned the public into servants, I did not serve the public. A servant can get fired, a servant has to be good at his job, and requires excellent references. The whole point of power is to escape the voluntary – to wrap yourself in propaganda and coercion and charm to the point where you can defy the natural laws of physics and step up and slide down rainbows.
One of my economic advisors – part‐time of course – was a free‐market fanatic who literally enjoyed government‐protected tenure – he couldn’t be fired – at a government‐funded university, teaching government‐funded students! He was the furthest thing from the free‐market that you could find, because at least a Gulag guard doesn’t obsessively read Milton Friedman. I loved him for that – I loved that he taught principles utterly in opposition to how he actually lived his life! I loved that his students would never believe in the free‐market after being taught by him. But most of all, I loved the security that his life gave to me – I slept like a baby every night, secure in the knowledge that, even if we gave everyone a PhD in free‐market economics, they would still run to government protection and government benefits every single time! I loved the vapid stink of his hypocrisy every time he leaned in to tell me to deregulate something. I did once play with him, offering to deregulate universities and eliminate tenure – not something I could exactly snap my fingers and achieve, but it was enjoyable to watch him crow with cracking enthusiasm about being cast out into the free‐market he pretended to love so much!
This is the thing, one of the things that kept me free of fear – everyone wants the free‐market when they are the consumer, but nobody wants the free‐market when they are the producer. It’s like egalitarianism versus meritocracy – everyone loves egalitarianism in theory, but when a heart surgeon is operating on their beloved daughter, they want pure meritocracy all the way!
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 312
Haha, I’m not complaining – if people weren’t hypocrites, I would’ve had to get a real job…
I remember when my father would talk to me – when I got into my mid‐teens – about what he was up to at the State legislature – I would be shocked – literally shocked – at what he could get away with. He got elected by promising school choice, then strengthened the teachers’ unions. He promised that he had a solution for rising crime rates, then said that it was a purely local matter. He always kept his deals – he used to laugh and tell me: “Government is a way of enforcing contracts that runs on contracts that cannot be enforced!” He kept track of all the backroom haggling with an obscene abacus brain – and could hold a grudge until it grew a beard – but his sunny promises to the electorate – well, they weren’t even ‘violated’ – they were just – they just, blew away, without a sound, without a murmur.
“People want comfort in the moment, son,” he would say, creaking back and forth on an old rocking chair on the back porch, his amber cup welded to his hand. “They are like baby ducks – very affectionate, but easily frightened. Now I can’t do much about the fear – that’s up to the teachers and the media, to keep everybody well‐goosed and jumpy – but I can do something to make them feel better, which is to smile, give them the ‘hand sandwich,’ stare deeply into their eyes and tell them that everything is going to be alright. At the end of the day, that’s all people are looking for – life is short and stressful, for those under the thumbtack, and whatever comfort and security people can grab from others on the flyby is worth more than gold to them!”
I was never sure why my father dropped all these tidbits of dark wisdom in my lap, because he sure as hell didn’t take any interest in my life as a whole – he kissed babies endlessly on the road, but had no interest in babies or toddlers at home… He would constantly tell me that he had to wait for me to reach the age of reason in order to hold his attention. But even then, he never knew what my hobbies were, who my friends were, what bands I liked, whether I tried pot – and even, once, he had to ask me what grade I was in when he was signing a school letter. I hated him for that, until I did the same thing with Jake, my eldest son…
I know, I know – he came from a different generation – children are to be seen and not heard – but it did bother me if I blocked his view of the television, and he would grunt: “You might be a pain, but you’re not a window‐pane.”
Or another favorite of his: “Insanity is hereditary – we get it from our kids!”
I do have vague memories of craving contact with him when I was very young – I remember pretending to fall asleep on his lap when I was maybe two, while he was laughing at some incomprehensible comedy on the screen, and enjoying his belly pressing against my cheek, the few hairs that escaped his shirt tickling my skin.
Thinking back, I guess I should amend my earlier statement – politics is not about avoiding fear, but displacing it.
My father had one hell of a temper.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 313
There was a pattern, you know. A bunch of kids would be over at the house – our huge house – and we would take over the upstairs and invent our games, our limits, ourselves – and the noise would increase, and the dangers would escalate, and then something would be broken, someone would crack a knee, someone would burst into tears – and my mother would come up the stairs with her usual shrill exasperation, which we refused to listen to – it was always vaguely shameful to submit to a woman’s upset – and she would angrily and ineffectually nag at us from the top of the stairs, while we silently bragged by continuing our mayhem – and eventually we would summon the dark force of my father’s footsteps, and he would holler from the middle of the stairs, the phone hanging by his side, on mute – and he would never say ‘listen to your mother’ or anything like that – he might as well ask us to play on the ceiling – but he would demand that the noise and commotion cease right now!
We took a deep visceral pleasure in freezing in place – I know now it was a way of humiliating our mother, but there was more to it than that…
I didn’t know any children – any sons – who were close to their fathers, in my world. In fact, I remember a silly joke from those days – two boys, sitting on the steps, one says to the other: “I bet my dad could beat up your dad.” The other replies: “Really? How much would that cost me?”
We wanted our fathers to pay attention to us, but they only intervened when we jacked up the chaos to lightspeed. Mothers couldn’t teach us how to be men, and it was a maternal world in those days. Nannies, daycare teachers, schoolteachers – they were all women, all frazzled, all ‘overwhelmed’ – and perpetually frustrated by boys – they basically viewed us as broken girls.
Male authorities were an oasis in the desert, the endless quicksand of the feminine… I chased my father like a dog chases the mail truck, with no idea what I would do if I actually caught him.
And he had – let’s be frank – a very heavy hand.
I didn’t check the weather when I was young, so every day was a surprise of sun or rain. I didn’t know the impact of the outside world on my father, so I couldn’t predict his moods. All kids are pretty selfish – boys especially – so we take everything personally, as if we are the only influence on those around us. I guess my father had his good days, and his bad days – on his good days, you got ice cream, tickles and bad jokes.
On his bad days…
I got beaten, no point in beating around the bush I suppose.
My friend and I – what was I, five or six years old – were playing some imaginary spaceship game, and I put a glass of water on an antique cabinet, and my mother burst into tears when she was cleaning up later, because it left a pale ring on the dark surface of the wood.
Children know nothing of history, of course – the world was created when they were born – but I vaguely understood that this was a family heirloom and a treasure of some kind – which made me resentful that I had been allowed to play around it unsupervised – and my father came hurtling into the
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 314
room like a satellite entering the atmosphere. With his left hand, slammed the door shut – with his right hand, he lifted me up by the neck of my T‐shirt – the fabric on the back cut into my neck savagely – and he hurled me against the wall, and I couldn’t tell whether my mother was crying for the cabinet, or for me – and he slapped me across the face, back and forth, like a blur, I don’t know how many times, and he told me to take care of my god damned things!
I was not in pain – that’s the great secret of being hit as a child, it almost never hurts in the moment – but I remember truly understanding that things meant more than people – cabinets meant more than children.
Stains trumped bruises…
I sagged against the wall, not even holding up my hands, my body signifying bottomless compliance, a total void of resistance. I suppose he felt me go limp under his blows, and this appeased him. I thought for a moment that he was going to go and get me a towel, throw it at me, and tell me to clean myself up – as if I had made the mess – or, in the next moment, I hoped that he would burst into tears and apologize for his rage, and that the power would then swing to me – but nothing of the sort happened. He got up, brushed his hands as if they were covered in chalk, and walked out of the room.
I expected my mother to come in, tend my wounds and apologize profusely – but I didn’t want her to do that, because it did me no good to have power over her. I’ve always always hated small talk – years later, in college, I saw a meme about the trolley problem in philosophy: “If you threw the switch and saved ten people, you then have to engage in small talk about saving them.” I remember feeling a savage desire to not throw the switch, and let everyone die so they wouldn’t have to congratulate me on my ‘virtue.’
I then imagined that my mother and father were downstairs, wracked with guilt and promising to change – but when I heard footfalls on the stairs, I crept to the snow‐white banisters, and peered through them like a convict in a prison of icicles – and my heart froze as I saw them step into their tennis shoes, grab an athletic bag and head out to play a game.
I knew there was a nanny in the house, I knew that my sister was asleep – I knew that I was not being left alone, but really I was.
I was being told very clearly that the drama of the assault was not even a comedy. It was not out of the ordinary, it gave me no power, it was not unjust, it was not wrong – it was the ultimate power‐play, and it told me a hell of a lot about how the world worked.
If people believe you aren’t bothered by something, they have no power over you.
Power is just this remote‐control manipulation of other people’s vulnerabilities – virtuous men care about their reputations, so you control them by attacking that. Take control away from the power‐ hungry, you control them. Strip hope from the depressed, you own them.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 315
By casually sauntering off to play tennis, my parents clearly informed me that I gained no power over them by being beaten.
In fact, when they returned, I apologized.
I apologized for being hit!
That’s power!
But I didn’t know the half of it – my father’s hand had loosened one of my teeth to the point where it popped out the next day. There’s a feeling that children get when they expect a present – a hungry glow in the chest, an expectation of imminent joy – and I told my parents that my tooth had come out, and I put it under my pillow with the expectation of extra money for dad beating it out of my head – but the next morning, the tooth was just – gone, and instead I got a long lecture from my father about how Santa Claus was not real, the tooth fairy was not real, animals could not talk, and it was time for me to grow the hell up and stop expecting everything for free.
My mother hardened as well, in those years – she was endlessly frustrated that I would comply with strangers, while defying her. But she married a man who didn’t seem to give a crap about her feelings, so I knew deep down that she was just trying to keep me a child, control me – she did not love obedient males, rebellion was my only chance.
I remember when I was about nine, becoming quite fascinated by my parent’s relationship, and trying to eavesdrop on them whenever I could. They were cautiously reserved, and I could usually only hear murmurs through the ventilation – I suppose they were always concerned that someone could hijack their phones and listen in – but I did hear them talking once, at the foot of the garden, when I pretended to nap on a lounge chair, but was surreptitiously cupping my ear to hear the words that strangely echoed off a stone statue.
“Twenty years, I feel I barely know you,” said my mother. Her tone was aggrieved, as it so often was – that morning, she had turned on a blender, but it had sparked and died in her hands, and she had lifted it off the counter as if to hurl it, before dropping it and crying out to no one that nothing worked!
My father had just grunted. “You’ve got to stop talking to Joan.”
“This isn’t about Joan!”
“Of course it is. Divorces spread like the flu, you know that – you’ve gotta cut her off, like a tourniquet, or we’ll both bleed out.”
I could see her biting her thumbnail in the shaded green distance. “But they were together so long – longer than us!”
My father shrugged. “People die younger than us, we’re still breathing. Stop measuring yourself by others.”
She looked at him savagely. “Oh hell, you’re one to talk – all you do is measure your dick against everyone else!”
“Maybe – but you don’t seem to mind the beautiful house and dresses it buys.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 316
“It always comes down to money.”
My father extended his hand. “Hello, you might remember me from our first date, when I told you how ambitious I was.”
“Isn’t it enough now though?”
“Not according to your Visa bill.”
They were circling each other like wounded sharks snapping for a kill shot.
“Joan got the virus,” my father said. He imitated a woman, I don’t know who. “‘You’re just a broodmare, cooking and cleaning and wiping asses, why do you let your husband take all the glory and run the world? Get out there girl, you go and be brave and stunning, show the world what you’re made of, take the bull by the horns, go be a girl boss you empowered woman about to find her voice…’“
My mother laughed, despite herself. “I married an ape!”
“Agreed. And you’re going to stay married, and you’re going to drop Joan, because drowning people just pull you down. Divorced people hate seeing happy marriages.”
“Are we happy though?”
My father’s face crumpled as he scowled, and I realized how rarely I saw him in full sunlight. “That’s the kind of open‐ended crap question that turns concrete into quicksand. Before you talked to Joan this morning, were you unhappy? Be honest,” he warned.
She paused. “I wasn’t – unhappy.”
“Good enough, not being unhappy is like not being in pain, we don’t get euphoria all day long. But she puts this – worm into your ear…” His voice dropped low and conspiratorial. “...that maybe you are unhappy, and maybe your husband is selfish...”
“Perish the thought!”
“...and maybe there is some undefined something more out there, and maybe you think being 5 foot 10 is tall, but there are people out there who are 50 feet tall, so you’re really short after all!”
“Oh come on, you had me until…” My mother waved her hand.
“Maybe, maybe, maybe… That’s just – acid conjecture, like the ‘we are in a simulation’ lunatics. Here are the facts: Joan is a plain woman in her fifties who’s going to find out that the wonderful world she is setting out to join is just a refugee ship of broken people with broken lives, and she doesn’t have the sexual power she had in her twenties, and she’s going to end up burying her regrets in cat litter. And all the money she thinks she’s going to get from Bill, well that’s just going to the lawyers and two houses and eighteen vacations. It’s pathetic, and I hate her with all my heart for sowing this stupidity in the minds of her friends. She screwed up, she got greedy, she overreached – and now she’s fallen out of the cruise ship, and we cannot circle back to find her.”
My mother gnawed at her thumb. “She’s so sad, she needs someone…”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 317
“She had someone – she had Bill and a decent marriage. But someone put the worm in her ear, and now she’s trying to put the worm in your ear – don’t let her, don’t do it, it’s a hole with no bottom, you know it!”
“So I’m supposed to just – abandon her, in her hour of need?”
My father shrugged angrily. “She abandoned Bill. She’s got nothing to complain about.”
They moved on, and their voices no longer slid round the semicircle of the stone statue’s outstretched hands to my cupped ears.
I’d heard enough. Women had to be wrangled, their sympathies were their weakness.
Or, as my father once told me, “Women will always find someone or something to mother – if they don’t have kids, it’s cats or immigrants.”
I sometimes wished that the whole world was women, when I was running for office.
Anyway, I grew sick of my own inner ramblings – I felt a sudden savage yearning for action, and instantly remembered my own eldest son, who I had grudgingly taken to a petting zoo when he was young, because – according to my wife – he was turning into a little brat in pre‐K.
He was so goddamned mournful, that boy, almost from the beginning – he moped and sighed, and was congenitally ungrateful, which drove me quite mad – I fantasized that my wife had had an affair with some man‐bun soy‐drip barista at the local coffee shop.
Jake just talked and talked – he once complained that he was dying of boredom.
“You can’t die of boredom!” I snapped.
“How do you know?”
“Because I’ve spent months listening to you go on and on about that Robocraft game!”
I had to savagely cut him off when he went on these – “rambletangents” I called them. Endless stories of his dreams and ideas and plans – I didn’t even bother to listen, just thought my own thoughts and went all Zen and into the future, like he was a trickling brook of vapid nonsense.
My daughter was a talker too, but you could get a word in edgewise. I remember her describing her ideal restaurant once – in the woods, high in a treetop, birds on the leaves, rope swings and koi ponds – it was entertaining enough to interest me… I added in some robot waiters, and it was actually kind of fun…
But my eldest son, the whiner who wouldn’t get a haircut until I held him down, I spend most of his childhood just – shutting him up. He was like an impossible leaky house – every hole you patched just bled drippy water somewhere else.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 318
He did, though, eventually.
Shut the hell up…
I had pretended to read a few books on parenting – slipping my cell phone between the pages so I could actually get something done – and knew that I wasn’t supposed to make him like me – which would’ve been all right, if he had wanted to be anything at all. But he was born silent – I thought he was retarded at first, or whatever word you were supposed to use in the current minute, but I could tell his perceptiveness from across the room. He was silent, he moped, he was a drip – but he was – he judged, too.
Judged me, in that involuntary way that some children have, like they are little conscience‐computers that chatter without control, like dreams. Thank God my second son was a mindless charismatic athletic ape who poured himself like quicksilver into whatever popular container came jostling along the cultural conveyor belt.
I was at – damn these memories, last one! – this petting zoo, when my eldest son – who was inexplicably obsessed with ducks – ah, his face lit up when he saw two of the foot‐sized white birds in an enclosure, next to some African cow with a tumour for a neck – and he ran forwards to the gate waving his arms like a conductor windmilling at the edge of a cliff – then wrestling with some vaguely complicated latch – and he turned to me with a contemptible agonized begging expression – and I can still feel the wild cold rage, even now, hundreds of years after Jake’s demise, because he loved the ducks, he cared about the ducks, but he only regretfully needed me to open the latch, swing the gate, and give him access to that which he treasured – I was only a means to his end – his end was never me, his love was never for me – and if he could’ve opened that latch himself, he would have poured his heart into those stupid birds and forgotten me entirely!
And what sort of boy wants to pick up and caress fluffy little birds?
I made a mistake, that day, which I worried about for over a week.
I did not hit him – I did, at other times – many times – I felt I wanted to drive the softness out of him, like hammering a nail can push wood out from the bottom of a plank – but my cold calculations led me to public error that day…
I watched as my son cooed over and petted the ducks. I did not enter the enclosure. I really liked my shoes, they were a rare gift from me to me.
Jake was picking up tiny leaves and plants, trying to feed them to the ducks, which showed little interest.
“We’ve got food, you know,” said a bored blonde teenage girl scrolling through her phone – surely against protocol.
“Cones are two dollars, three for five.” She pointed at a sign which said exactly the same thing – which irritated me even more.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 319
Jake begged me for a cone. Once more, I was just a doorway he grabbed through get to what he wanted!
I was a wallet and a driver, an unappreciated builder of shelters and savings.
I bought him a cone – he asked for three, wanting me to take one, but it was just for show, he didn’t want me in there with his precious ducks.
I turned my genial charm to the girl sitting and scrolling endlessly, as if she could somehow get to the bottom of the Internet.
“Work here long?” I asked.
She took a moment to answer – to indicate her unwillingness, and to put me in the category of dads who awkwardly flirt with teenage girls.
“Oh ya,” she said in her nasal voice. She wasn’t exactly pretty, but had a kind of rural meatiness that I supposed could be attractive if you had a barn to raise.
“Do you like working here?” I asked.
She shrugged. “It’s okay.” She thought of something, then added: “I like animals.”
“Not too busy,” I said in a pleasant voice.
“Gonna rain.”
“I’m not one for checking the weather. Or the traffic. Drives my wife crazy,” I added – mentioning my wife to show that I was not flirting with her.
She leaned forward and said to my son: “Don’t let them jump up on you!” Turning to me, she added: “We got a lawsuit.”
“He’s good with the animals,” I said.
She nodded indifferently, her hand creeping to her phone like a stalking spider.
I nodded towards my son. “He loves animals.”
I knew she was bored – I intended to be boring – but I also knew that she was supposed to keep the customers happy.
I said: “Has anyone ever been cruel to the animals?”
She sighed. “Some of the kids can be rough, but your boy is an angel.”
“He is. He’d love to work here.”
She sniggered. “Maybe once he figures out the fence.”
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 320
I nodded. “He wants a little time off from me, so I’m going to go and get some lunch. I have some calls.”
“You’re not supposed to leave him here unattended.” Again, she pointed to a sign that said exactly the same thing.
I leaned forward. “But I will.”
She shivered slightly. “You can’t. You’re not supposed to.”
“But I will.”
She blinked at me. This was always a moment I loved, when the little verbal nonsense that people spout to try and keep a conversation on a familiar track – when they realize that those little tricks don’t work with me, and they are off the tracks, in the wilderness – where they might actually have to think for themselves for a moment, to evaluate risk and reward. It’s like you go to pet a dog, and the dog growls and corners you – you get to live intensely, for a moment. Charisma is a kind of danger.
I turned to walk away.
The girl said: “I’ll have to call security.”
I laughed, then turned around. “You got a crack guard on duty here? And what will he say when I tell him that you made fun of my son? You did,” I said, as her eyes widened. “You mocked him for having trouble with the latch. And you spent almost your entire time here scrolling through your phone. There is no sign for that here, but I’m pretty sure that is not allowed. And you’ve also complained about the children who come here, that they are cruel to the animals. Not a good look, not very good for the position.” I lifted my phone. “Should I leave a review? What is your name?”
Her eyes refused to fix on mine, and darted around – as people always did, looking for rescue from the results of their own crappy behaviour.
“I’ll get in trouble, if you leave him…” Her voice trailed off, and my estimation of her rose a little. The usual girly trick of appealing to a man’s protective nature faded in her throat, because I obviously had no trouble making her uncomfortable. But she earned the behaviour, I was just paying her!
I stared at her, and slowly she began to truly panic. God, it was good to help people grow!
“What do I say?” she whined.
“That’s kind of an eternal question,” I replied softly. “And I’d better not get paged about an upset child.”
Her eyes narrowed, and she nodded slightly.
She got it.
I went and had a leisurely lunch at the park’s low‐rent outdoor café, gnawing on what was advertised as a gator burger, and feeding most of it to the roaming peacocks.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 321
I went and walked the boardwalks in some nearby woods, made a few calls.
I eventually made my way back to the petting zoo around closing time. The girl was quite hysterical, and a pleasing number of cones were missing – and my son was extraordinarily agitated, though he hid it well. He made it to the car before bursting into wailing tears.
“You ignore me, I ignore you,” I said, before turning on some half‐deafening thrash metal on the radio.
Chapter 37
Bored of the useless memories, I roll over and open the pamphlet Cornelius gave me.
“THE LAWS”
Steal from Plato much?
I am mildly curious about whether this brave new world enforces intellectual property rights, so I open it up.
INTRODUCTION
The law is the practical implementation of universal morality. It has the same relationship to morality that engineering has to physics.
Physics aims to synthesize immediate experience and abstract it into the universal laws of matter and energy.
Engineering takes the laws of physics and uses them to create practical objects that serve the needs of humanity in the present.
Morality aims to define Universally Preferable Behaviour.
The Law translates morality into practical rules that enforce UPB.
The basis of the law is as follows:
1. No law is valid if it is not taught to children.
2. Any law which cannot be comprehended by children cannot be inflicted on adults.
3. No law which violates the nonaggression principle is valid.
4. No law which violates property rights is valid.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 322
5. No law which requires an expert to interpret is valid.
6. No law which cannot be universalized is valid.
7. The purpose of the law is to prevent violations of UPB.
I chuckle. Idealistic scribbles – I succumbed to them too, when I was about fourteen. Then I grew a beard and cynicism.
Children frightened by monsters make up rituals – these children make up rules to ‘manage’ the savagery of man – silly magic in the face of bloody mammals…
I read on – wishing I had a glass of whiskey…
Human beings own themselves, and own the effects of their actions. Owning the effects of our actions is the basis for property rights, as well as morality – and the law.
When a man catches a fish…
I snort, but continue…
When a man catches a fish, he is creating the fish as property. A fish at the bottom of a lake is unowned, which means that it cannot be used to serve human needs. When a man invests his labour into catching the fish, he creates his property right over the fish, because he has converted it from unusable to usable.
If a man builds a shelter, he has transformed the raw materials – which do not serve human needs – into a shelter, which does.
Since a man owns the effects of his actions, he owns what he has transformed into human utility.
It is impossible to argue that a man does not own the effects of his actions, because both participants in the debate must be assumed to own their own arguments, otherwise the debate becomes impossible.
A man who creates property owns that property – a man who destroys property owns the act of destruction.
A woman who creates life owns that life – a man who destroys life owns that murder.
A man who assaults a woman owns the resulting harm to her body.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 323
It is a falsehood to say that someone else committed your murder – just as it is a falsehood to say that you own someone else’s property.
Property rights and the nonaggression principle are two sides of the same coin – since morality is universal, it doesn’t matter whether you enslave someone in the present, or in the past. If you steal the product of a month’s labour, you have enslaved the creator for a month.
Theft is a form of enslavement, it is an exercise of property rights without creation or trade.
The commandments given to children throughout history were always the same: Don’t hit, don’t steal, don’t lie.
Don’t hit = the nonaggression principle.
Don’t steal = respect property rights.
Don’t lie = contract enforcement.
A contract is a formalized promise with incentives for fulfillment, and punishments for non‐fulfillment.
Failing to fulfil a contract is identical to stealing, a form of enslavement.
VIOLATIONS OF THE NON‐AGGRESSION PRINCIPLE (NAP)
Violations of the NAP fall into the categories of rape, assault and murder.
Violations of the NAP are categorized as unchosen injuries. There are circumstances in which people choose at least the potential for injury, such as contact sports or invasive medical procedures.
Self‐defense is not a violation of the NAP, since it aims to maintain an existing circumstance – non‐injury – rather than create a new circumstance, which is the infliction of injury.
VIOLATIONS OF PROPERTY RIGHTS
Since we own the effects of our actions, property is an extension of the body. The NAP covers violations of the body, while property rights cover violations of the effects of the body, which is property.
It is no more permissible to steal a man’s labour than it is to steal one of his internal organs. Universal morality does not differentiate between property held inside the body, and property held outside the body.
Theft of property requires restitution to the point where the holder of the property is satisfied, but not overjoyed. The goal is to restore the property, and reasonably compensate the owner for the lost value, but not create a situation of profit.
PUNISHMENTS
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 324
In the extraordinarily unlikely situation where a violation of the law has been established, and a punishment has been determined, but the criminal does not submit, punishments are left up to the Dispute Resolution Organization (DRO) that represents the criminal.
In general, DROs will refuse to enforce any and all contracts held by the criminal.
Furthermore, DROs will apply sanctions against any members who trade with the criminal.
The criminal can restore his Contract Rating by performing the actions required by his or her DRO for restitution.
SLANDER / LIBEL
Anyone who lies about the character of another, producing quantifiable material damage, is liable for restitution.
If a restaurant lies about finding repulsive material in the food of a competing restaurant, restitution is required.
Statements of opinion must be clearly marked as such, and cannot reference objective facts.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY (Copyrights, Trademarks etc.)
Intellectual property is handled differently by different DROs. Most DROs will not enforce intellectual property, but a few do. It is incumbent on those who wish to enforce intellectual property to inform consumers.
PARENTING
Parents are responsible for raising their children to be empathetic, courageous and moral. All DROs require medical Scans of children – from conception onwards – to ensure healthy brain development. All parents of children who show signs of neglect and/or abuse will be instructed in better parenting techniques – if the developmental problems persist, children are removed from parents and placed in the homes of people with a successful track record of raising children well – the costs to be born by the original parents.
CONTRACTS
Generally, if a contract is violated, DROs will perform an investigation, and provide restitution to the wronged party.
The DRO will then retrieve the restitution from the party in the wrong.
TIMELINESS
DROs that take longer than a month to provide judgement will pay the salary‐equivalent for all parties involved until the judgement is achieved…
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 325
The pamphlet continues, in its earnest undergraduate idiotic tone, as if these words on paper can magically reshape a society full of feral self‐interest.
I idly turn to the back, which has a detailed table:
Current Crime Statistics
It is all – quite mad, and I snort again, but more self‐consciously this time.
According to this – information, this fantasy – there were only 347 murders in the previous year, across a population of over 700 million. 312 of those resulted from brain damage, thirty of them resulted from immigrants – which left only five actual murderers that had been raised in this society!
The numbers were even lower for rape. Slightly higher for theft and assault, but – but – crime was almost nonexistent?
My brain races to create explanations, because I am an expert at sniffing out corruption.
Of course these DROs have an incentive to understate crime, because – because – they don’t have to charge as much, and it costs them to investigate crime – and run around trying to get restitution from criminals, so of course they – guess low.
My mind strives to come up with other explanations – and then that strange voice emerges again.
ANY DRO THAT UNDERREPORTED CRIME WOULD LOSE CUSTOMERS...
I suck in hard on the left side of my mouth, causing a twinge in my gums.
I am genuinely shocked at myself, at my reaction.
I am disgusted at my lack of cynicism.
I rode at the very helm of the largest and most powerful government the world had ever seen. I had trillions of dollars at my fingertips, I ruled a military that could destroy the planet endless times over. I could point at a map and vaporize its colour.
I was the most powerful man in the world – in the universe, as far as we knew.
I was a superhero, I strode oceans at a step, everyone deferred to me, even my haters.
I was the center, I was the black hole, the gravity well, the puller of influence and pusher of gifts…
And now, these – nerds – claim to have solved the problem of crime – and I’m not inhuman, I wanted crime to go down, in my way – I knew that a frightened population was easier to control, but I didn’t
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 326
want little kids shot in their cribs in turf wars – I have a heart, I wanted power because power is – glorious – but I also wanted to do good, to go to my grave with a better world behind me – not to just – be dug up and spat at because I was a giant freaking idiot.
And I had my advisors, this endless procession of earnest closely‐shaved men and laser‐lipsticked women, with their slide decks and business cards you felt you had to unfold for all the letters behind their names – and not one of those goddamned empty suits and rustling pantyhose creatures ever said: ‘Oh, Mr. President, it’s simple, we just have to turn parents into – into…’
THE OPPOSITE OF YOU, said the voice.
I feel a shock – and a faint unpleasant sensation that I guess might be fear – and then mad rage swells my biceps.
Oh, this is a great time for you to make your voice heard – how many centuries too late? You don’t get any points, I will not submit, you have no credibility, because you were silent then, and now want me to bow down before your wisdom after the cure has been found!?!
I cannot not sit in bed. Like a child – DON’T INSULT CHILDREN – SHUT UP! – I threw the pamphlet across the room.
I had been in the way – these numbers can’t be real – this is an asylum trying to make me mad – the devil makes up numbers for you to serve – it can’t possibly have been that simple – everything starts with the family…
And then I remember my son, my oldest son, and how I had to threaten him to never tell his mother about the petting zoo – and how he withdrew from me even further, and my aggression did nothing to have him – serve me, or want to be with me – YOU CAN’T HAVE BOTH – SHUT UP!! – and then the first time that I really belted him – not with a belt, but I struggled to keep my hand open, I’ll be honest – the little bastard tried to run away…
That night, lost in the murky depths of my brain – he had been roundly yelled at by his mother for sneaking cookies, she was terrified that he might end up fat, how that would look – I understand, we were all obsessively photographed, and you couldn’t hide anything on social media anymore, but she didn’t hit him, I’m pretty sure of that – and then the little weasel tried to make a run for it.
I used to be nervous of night noises, before my security detail – since they ringed me with guns and earpieces, I slept soundly, so I didn’t hear him as he went into the kitchen with a pillowcase, and stole – stole – half a bag of cookies, and then stealthily made his way to the door…
It was an annoying part of middle age – you don’t wake up having to pee, but since you wake up anyway, you end up peeing, just in case. I did wake up, and went to the washroom – shielding my eyes from the automatic lights under the counter – and after I flushed, I saw his bedroom door ajar.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 327
I had a sudden stab of sentimentality, and went to close it, hoping to find some shred of affection at the sight of his tousled head passed out on his pillow; a parent who can’t feel sweetness at the sight of a sleeping toddler has something very wrong with him.
But his pillow was on the floor – and it had no pillowcase on it, which I have no idea why I noticed, that’s not the sort of thing I would…
And I heard a soft click from downstairs, from the – I didn’t know where exactly, the sounds bounce around like a canyon – and I had a sudden stab of panic – I know I said I never felt fear, but this was different, it was panic at the idea of exposure – you can think of it as an excess sense of caution, rather than something pathetic like fear…
He’s trying to get away, I thought grimly.
WHY WOULD HE STAY?
SHUT UP WITH BEING TOO LATE!!!
My heart was in my throat, and I bounded down the stairs – remembering that Jake always knew when I entered the room, no matter how quietly I moved.
I raced from room to room, looking for him – until I saw his little body outlined like a dark smudge against the tall white of a side door.
There were a number of locks and latches – and I remembered him at the petting zoo, struggling with the gate – and I could see in a flash that he was almost done, that he was about to escape the – I had an image that we were not in a house, but a spaceship in orbit, and he was about to break out through an airlock, where he would freeze and burst in the airless waste of space…
And I did feel an ache, then, deep in my heart, like when I started playing tennis again after two decades, and had to stop – this little smudge, this tiny being, taking his chances in the wider world rather than – rather than – stay with…
HE IS ESCAPING YOU
I WILL CUT YOUR VOICE OUT!!! I screamed mentally.
And I thought of the number of times I had held him aloft for the cameras, like a lion cub held up by a monkey, and the endless starburst of flashing bulbs, and all the women cooing how cute he was, and all the men exclaiming how big and strong he was going to grow up to be, and how unhappy he looked in his little tuxedo, and how little he looked like me – and I imagined that he was going to break out of this house – out of our house – into a constellation, a star field of flashing cameras, and headlines would be splashed across the phones and tablets and lingering print of the world: “PRESIDENTIAL RUNAWAY!” – and that could not be managed at all! I could coach him to shut up, to keep his counsel – but I couldn’t teach him to answer all the questions about why he wanted to run away, where he thought he was going – and I imagined that I could laugh about it, saying he was unhappy he couldn’t eat more cookies,
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 328
so I packed him a bag to teach him a lesson, but sooner or later his morose face, his gravitational unhappiness, his somber eyes and still cheeks – this would reveal what could not be stated, what could not be allowed to exist, any imperfection in the heart of the First Family.
His mother would beg.
I would not.
True to form, he heard me coming, and turned around, his eyes wide. I felt on my feet the soft sandy crunch of a trail of cookie dust, and saw his cheeks distended with selfish sugar – and I felt an anger that even for me was unprecedented.
I said nothing. I pushed the door, to make sure it was closed – and imagined the guards on the other side, my security detail, and knew I could not pound him there, but I grabbed him with strenuous gentleness, and pulled him up the stairs, feeling his legs tremble as they bounced on the soft steps.
“Say nothing,” I hissed. My mind scrambled to find a way to keep his injuries hidden, and realized that I had to lift him by his shoulders, and pound his head against a door frame – not hard enough to break the skin, but hard enough to daze and terrify him. I was the most successful man in the entire world, and I would be god damned if he would resist my will, everything, every breadcrumb I put on the ground to lead him to a better place, he damn well owed me obedience – or even overt disobedience, rebellion, something!
That night, pounding his head against the door frame, was the most strenuous self‐control I ever had to master. I honestly wanted to grind him into a pulp – I had stepped, or been pushed, into the Old Testament, where patriarchs smashed the hesitant with stone tablets and flying beards.
And I wanted that old world where puppies could be drowned and children corrected without a silly mob of bored and hyper‐sentimental feel‐bots screaming out their pathological sympathy for any underdog they cared to invent.
I wanted to hold up his broken pieces as an example to me, to my other children – to my wife, of course! – and to the world, that if you don’t have the power to do this, what’s the point of having power at all?
Jake went limp in my hands, and seemed to become even heavier – I had to bite my cheeks, break blood, in order to slow and stop my pounding arms.
I pulled him close to me – still feeling rage and hatred – and caressed the back of his head – I suppose he felt it was affectionate, in his daze – but I was just checking for blood, for broken skin and bubbling brains.
He did not cry.
I’ll give him that.
----- PAGE BREAK ----- 329
And the night secrets that bind father and son together – parent and child – wound around us like the embrace of a witch. He now knew that he could drive me to desperation, and I knew – what did I know?
I knew he hated me.
I licked the inside of my broken and bloody cheeks, and also circled certain knowledge of my son’s hatred for me in my mind.
Good, good…
I knew I had one son who was blind enough to love me – having one who was awake enough to hate me was no great problem – in fact, haters defined my political career entirely. Everyone who votes for you is matched by someone who hates you – the whole point is to set them against each other.
I ended up with two children who liked me, and one child who knew me – knew me completely – and hated my guts.
But he never tried to run away again.
He was never indifferent again.
He grew to hate – as the object of his hatred, I had value to him forever.
